Last week, the ancient costume drama "Beauty Underground restaurant" was temporarily suspended, which triggered a heated discussion about the false ratings of domestic dramas.

Civil rights groups issue travel warnings against Missouri

Due to the discriminatory policies and racist attacks in Missouri, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored (NAACP) issued travel warnings to people of color who were going to Missouri for a trip.

The NAACP Missouri Travel Consultation, which came into effect on August 28, 2017, calls for all African American travelers, tourists, and Missouri residents to pay special attention and adopt an extremely cautious attitude when traveling in Missouri due to a series of suspected racial incidents in the state. This is to inform you, "the group's statement declared.

NAACP pointed out that a recently passed Missouri law has made it more difficult for people to win discrimination lawsuits, and state law enforcement has also targeted minority groups to some extent, which has prompted the organization to issue travel warnings.

Violations of civil rights are happening to people.

They were stopped for questioning, beaten or killed due to their skin color, "Missouri NAACP Chairman Rod Chapel told The Kansas City Star.

We have received many complaints, an unprecedented number

This is the first such warning issued by the organization against a certain state in the United States.

The organization cited the racial defamation of black students at the University of Missouri and the death of 28 year old black man Tory Sanders in Tennessee.

Earlier this year, Sanders died under suspicious circumstances. He ran out of fuel while traveling in Missouri and was detained by Missouri police without charge of crime.

The consultation also pointed out that a recent report from the Missouri Attorney General's Office showed that "compared to white people, black drivers in the state are 75% more likely to be parked for inspection.

Chapel said, "This consultation is aimed at raising people's awareness and warning their families, friends, and colleagues about possible situations in Missouri

People need to be prepared, whether it's carrying bail to Missouri or letting relatives know they're traveling within the state.

According to the latest data from the FBI's hate crime reporting program, Missouri recorded 100 hate crimes in 2015; According to the number of crimes, the state ranks 16th in the country.

The travel warning is also a response to the new Missouri law, which will make it more difficult to sue enterprises for housing or Employment discrimination.

Previously, the US states passed immigration law enforcement laws, requiring local law enforcement authorities to detain immigration offenders. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) said this would increase the number of racial lawsuits, and issued travel advice for Texas and Arizona.

Travel warnings are usually issued by the US government against other countries, but recently, consulting groups have adopted this approach to address certain laws and trends within the US.

After experiencing the "golden age" of skyrocketing box office in 2015, the overall film market entered a calm period in 2016, and whether it can break the total box office record of 44.069 billion yuan last year has become a mystery.

According to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics, in October, the prices of new and second-hand houses in Beijing both cooled down, rising only 0.6% and 1.1% month on month.

Lupescu, the current Chief Technical Officer of UEFA, gave a technical report on the 2016 UEFA Champions League and the previous season's Champions League at this conference.

BBC calls Beijing the Most Exciting City: Making Foreigners Feel 'Living in a New Era'

According to a report by British media on January 18th, Beijing may have a long history of 3000 years, but it is also rapidly transforming into today's modern and charming city.

This Chinese capital has an astonishingly fast internet, cutting-edge technologies such as facial recognition software, huge investments in artificial intelligence, and unparalleled international energy. It is one of the most exciting cities for explorers.

According to a report on the BBC website on January 16th, German expatriate Clemens Seech said, "If I can succeed there, I can succeed anywhere in the future." He quoted the lyrics of singer Frank Sinatra singing about New York City.

If Sinatra had lived to this day, he would probably have sung about a city like Beijing, "said Seth, who serves as the creative director at Traveler Archives magazine. He said that living in this city would make you feel" living in a new era "and always keep up with trends.

Simon Norton, who comes from England but recently lives in Beijing, wrote on his personal blog website 4Corners7Seas: "People generally have a feeling of being at the center of something grand, which is difficult to articulate, but it keeps many foreigners there for a long time. They want to see what it will become and want to witness it firsthand

The report states that the city's high-quality high-speed internet and technology friendly environment make daily life easier than ever before.

Andy Pennafuert, from Manila and currently serving as the deputy editor in chief of the "Beijing Children" website, said: "Beijing is rapidly transforming into a cashless society, where the internet integrates the functions of traditional wallets into smartphones, making it easier for everyone to make many transactions

According to the report, smart phones are just the beginning of Beijing's technological ambition, and facial recognition software has become very popular. Many mobile phone applications use this technology to make bank transfers and payments, let people enter apartments and offices, and even use it to verify the identity of Ridesharing company drivers.

Beijing also recently announced that it plans to spend 13.8 billion yuan to build an artificial intelligence technology park. After completion, more than 400 enterprises will settle down there. They will focus on developing various artificial intelligence technologies, from biometrics to autonomous vehicle.

Food is also the core of many major festivals in China over the years, and participating in these celebrations is highly praised by foreigners. The Spring Festival is the most important social and economic festival, and also one of the easiest festivals for foreigners to participate in.

I suggest helping Chinese friends prepare for the Chinese New Year by cleaning their apartments and posting red Spring Festival couplets with New Year's greetings on their doors. On New Year's Eve, all family members should gather together for a sumptuous meal, and then stay up until midnight to welcome the New Year with bright and loud fireworks. For foreigners, spending this night with friends and family is indeed an opportunity to integrate

The report states that the number of foreigners in Beijing is numerous and constantly increasing, but the language barriers in China and the convenience of communication between overseas Chinese can easily become excuses for them not fully integrating into the local culture.

Some foreigners have been living in China for many years, but have little experience with their host country. If your initial attempts to meet Chinese people are not successful, then you easily feel that it is easier to get along with other foreigners.

”In these so-called "foreigner bubbles", foreigners gather in their own communities, eat at Western restaurants, and have only foreigners among their friends.

The simplest way to overcome this is to learn a little Mandarin - it's easier than people may imagine.

Saying, "Attending one or two hours of private Chinese language classes or learning entry-level radio dramas every week should be suitable for everyone's busy schedule

Even learning a few classic short sentences can be helpful for shopping, ordering at restaurants, or chatting in taxis.

The report states that stubborn air pollution is also a fact in daily life, but in recent years, the government has made efforts to curb some problems.

Residents emphasize the importance of outdoor activities during warm months when pollution is often light, and consider those blue sky days as opportunities to wander through historic alleys or explore the popular Ritan Park.

Norton said, "Beijing is the Chinese city that can discover the most things below the surface. You can find great art and music activities, indulgent nightlife, historical wonders, ultra modern commercial areas, and ancient hutong areas

The report believes that the hindering effect of aging on human capital growth is increasingly evident, especially in the Northeast region, where the annual contribution rate of aging to human capital growth is -1.28%.

Pan Gongsheng pointed out that at present, the risk of cross-border capital flow is controllable, and the fundamental factors supporting the balance of international payments still exist for a long time.

China News Network, Beijing, December 17 (Reporter Gao Kai) The world shines because of its heritage - The 2016 International Summit Forum on the Appraisal, Restoration and Conservation International of Chinese Ancient Calligraphy and Painting was opened at Renmin University of China on December 17.

The European Commission accused Google in April of forcing mobile phone manufacturers to pre install software such as Google Search and Chrome browser, otherwise they would not be allowed to use other Google applications.

The European Commission believes that this move is detrimental to consumer interests and hinders competition.

EU regulators initially requested Google to respond before July 27th.

If convicted of antitrust charges, Google faces a maximum fine of 10% of its global revenue, approximately $7.4 billion.

Google has not immediately commented on this.

Google is also facing an investigation from the European Union for favoring its own shopping services in search results.

Zhang Yuning's stay abroad was down-to-earth, and it can be said that his "leap" from national youth to national Olympics was not accidental, and the extent of his rapid growth is still surprising.

Understanding Bitcoin's legal status around the world through a picture

Abstract: In addition to the natural price correction caused by speculative properties, the current round of digital currency's tragic decline is also related to the "old enemy" - regulatory risks.

From the visual map, it can be seen that Eastern countries have a more conservative attitude towards Bitcoin compared to the West, and the countries that dominate the world are still watching the legitimacy of digital currencies, representing a significant "black swan risk".

*This article is from Wall Street Insights (WeChat ID: wallstreetcn), edited by Wang Mu. For more exciting information, please log in to wallstreetcn.com or download the Wall Street Insider app*

With regulatory storms brewing in major Bitcoin markets such as China, South Korea, and the European Union, global digital currencies led by Bitcoin have been severely affected this week. Bitcoin prices have fallen below the psychological integer of $10000 since Tuesday, marking their largest daily decline in three years.

In addition to the price correction naturally triggered by speculative properties, the current round of digital currency's tragic decline is also related to the long-standing "enemy" - regulatory risks.

At this important juncture, the visual Big data website HowMuch.net has produced a map to show the legitimacy and supervision of Bitcoin in countries around the world.

As shown in the figure below, green represents the legitimate market for Bitcoin; Orange represents a neutral market, and although Bitcoin's status has not yet been publicly legalized, there are no major usage restrictions; Light pink represents a restricted market, where local governments attempt to use digital currency through red line policies or regulations; Dark pink represents a country where Bitcoin is defined as illegal; Grey is a country that has not yet commented.

(The above image was drawn by the HowMuch. Net visualization team on January 15th)

The article points out that from the distribution of non green color blocks in the figure, it can be seen that in the traditional sense, Eastern countries have a more conservative attitude towards special coins than Western countries.

Russia is currently the largest country to define Bitcoin as illegal, China is one of the largest restricted markets for Bitcoin, and India is one of the largest countries to not comment on Bitcoin and have not yet introduced relevant policies.

North America and Western Europe have the highest acceptance of Bitcoin, with a more concentrated distribution of green blocks.

The views of countries in the Middle East and Latin America on the special currency show significant differentiation, and the distribution of color blocks in these regions is more mixed.

Iraq, Iran, Türkiye and Brazil are all legal bitcoin markets. Afghanistan, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bolivia and other countries have some restrictions on their transactions and use. More Latin American countries have not yet made a sound of bitcoin.

Based on the above data, it can be seen that out of the 246 countries surveyed globally, a total of 99 countries (or 40%) do not impose restrictions on the trading and use of Bitcoin, namely green and orange regions.

7 countries (or 3%) are restricted markets (light pink), 10 countries (or 4%) define Bitcoin as illegal (dark pink), and 130 countries (or 53%) have not yet treated digital currency information more (gray).

This indicates that countries, which account for 53% (over half) of the global majority, are still watching the legitimacy of digital currencies led by Bitcoin within their borders, and also represents that Bitcoin's "black swan risk" remains high, as some of these countries may ultimately make legislative decisions to restrict digital currencies.

The article believes that global regulatory agencies have not fully understood the emerging category of digital currencies, which may be the main reason why most countries have not yet made a statement.

Although the popularity of Bitcoin has grown exponentially since last year, it does not necessarily mean that all countries are interested. Some countries may be concerned about the threat to local fiat currencies or even more concerned about the use of digital currencies by criminal organizations.

Wall Street has written a detailed summary of international regulatory news on Bitcoin since last week, including China's crackdown on centralized online platforms and mobile apps for over-the-counter exchanges, South Korea's consideration of closing the digital currency exchange, and the EU's perception that Bitcoin has not been widely accepted and warning investors of the risk of "losing everything".

The editor in chief of Wall Street News's selection "Reading Highlights | 2018: Global Central Banks Opening the First Year of Digital Currency?" mentioned that from any perspective of regulation, acceptance/criticism, and adoption, 2018 will become the first year of digital currency for global central banks.

The criticism of Bitcoin's legitimacy by major powers such as Russia is actually aimed at making way for the official issuance of digital currency.

Madrid, January 8th (Xinhua News Agency) (Reporter Xie Yuzhi) Barcelona's new signing, Coutinho, made his debut wearing a Barcelona jersey at Camp Nou on the 8th.

On the morning of that day, Coutinho passed Barcelona's medical examination and signed a contract with Barcelona President Batomeu that will expire in the summer of 2023.

Subsequently, as a Barcelona player, he made his debut in front of nearly 7000 football fans at Camp Nou.

According to Spanish media, the total transfer fee for Coutinho may reach 160 million euros (1 euro is approximately 7.77 yuan), making him the most valuable player in the history of Barcelona and La Liga.

Due to the current injury to Coutinho, he still needs to rest for nearly 20 days to make his debut wearing a Barcelona jersey.

What else is sacred?

Now Trump's White House is aiming at the Statue of Liberty

The most definite sign of regime change is when they began attacking statues.

Americans, like anyone else, agree with this. Therefore, in 2003, Saddam Hussein at Paradise Square in Baghdad? Hussein was carefully planned and pushed down.

Stephen? As one of the key think tanks of the Trump government, Stephen Miller has been working with Jim? When Jim Acosta had a heated debate on the President's proposal to strictly restrict legal immigration, he must know what would happen if he cut a symbolic axe at the Statue of Liberty.

To be fair, Miller did not attack the statue itself.

If he did this, a group of cruise ship owners and followers of liberalism would surely devour him alive.

But he did attack the significance of the statue, especially in 1903, Emma? The significance of Lazarus' famous poetry when it was engraved on a pedestal (this monument was not completed until 17 years later).

As Miller scolded Acosta, he said: "I don't want to talk about all the facts of history here, but the Statue of Liberty is a symbol of American freedom illuminating the world.

The poem you are referring to was added later, not part of the original Statue of Liberty. "

In fact, Miller is right, but as he himself said, this is not really about history.

This involves the modern echo of Lazarus of Bethany 'words of surprise. The only country seems to invite not only any old immigrants, but also the poorest of the poor: "Your fatigue, your poverty, or your crowded people desire to breathe freely,/the suffering people refuse your crowded beaches."

There is no moment when 'suffering people refuse' becomes more dazzling on our screen.

Miller did not engage in literary criticism, and he made it clear that these people would not be popular in the Trump era of America.

This conflict over the meaning of statues is part of a broader political and cultural war: it is actually a conflict with the American spirit.

Lazarus, along with her friends who held events after her death to inscribe her poetry on the pedestal, are well aware that the actions they are participating in are highly political.

The purpose of this sculpture is to express the connection between French and American Republicanism through the ancient classical metaphor as the female incarnation of the Statue of Liberty.

Lazarus of Bethany changed this meaning: in her poems, the female image is no longer abstract, she wants to speak.

She gave herself a very different name: Mother of Exile.

The combination of this poem and this painting is a successful feminist coup and a devastating blow to American nationalism.

Just as Lazarus of Bethany changed the meaning of the statue, the right-wing always wanted to change it back.

The Great Speaker Rush? Rush Limbaugh, a temporary baptist from Trump, believed in 2010 that liberalism did not invite anyone, but he is now an early Neoconservatism, bringing the flame of American wisdom to the ignorant world: "The Statue of Liberty is brave.

Her original intention was to bring the torch of freedom from the United States to other parts of the world.

The torch is not the path that illuminates America

Unusually, Limbo was actually moved by something.

The meaning of a statue completely depends on the perspective of cognition.

Lazarus of Bethany's most imaginative way is to be able to see it. When tired, poor, but hopeful people can see it on the deck of a ship after a long and often terrifying journey.

On the surface, this involves the perspective of those who seek asylum and have the opportunity to improve their lives on the world.

Her statue conveys to them and requires them to hear the original intention of hope and welcome.

Of course, this is not the viewpoint that Miller and Trump once wanted to acknowledge.

Their torches are not meant to illuminate the path, but to ignite hatred from their only source of power.

In 2006, Sa Dingding joined Universal Records with his unique music style, becoming the first Chinese to sign a contract with Universal's UK headquarters.

2017 World Championships: Neil? Neil Black highly praised the Scottish players in the British national team

Arid? Eilidh Doyle recalled that there were only two Scots in the British national team at that time.

Neil, Executive Director of the British Athletics Association? Blake stated that the team consisting of 16 strong Scots in the group stage of the World Championships will make a significant contribution to the 'national team'.

The number of Scottish athletes selected to participate in the 2017 London Athletics World Championships, which opened on Friday, has reached a record high.

Blake believes that 'Scotland is making extraordinary progress' and British track and field athletes must learn from it.

We accept and try to understand this, and we will persevere until we achieve success, "Blake said.

I'm talking to the personnel from the Scottish Institute of Sports. They think it's related to their actions.

Scottish track and field athletes believe that this is related to their actions.

The British Athletics Association believes that this is related to their actions.

Even street people think so.

Regardless of the situation, this is extremely brilliant. “

Several Scottish track and field athletes are medal contenders, including Laura? Laura Muir and Andrew? Andrew Butchart, they will compete with Mu at 5000 meters? Mo Farah competes high and low, while Arid? Eilidh Doyle was selected as the team leader.

Arid is a bit humble.

Her captain's speech is really unbelievable, "Blake said.

Many track and field athletes, whether they are Scottish or not, or wherever they live or train, walk out of their houses with pride and enthusiasm.

Arid's natural passion and genuine emotions are very good

The Commonwealth silver medalist, who will compete in the 400m hurdles at his fifth World Championships, stated that there are 16 Scots in the UK national team, which is "unbelievable".

Previously, the maximum number of Scottish track and field athletes participating in the World Series was 7, that is, the number of participants in 1983 and 2015.

Middle distance runner Muir is a leading figure. In the past year, she has set five UK records and two European records.

She will participate in the 1500 and 5000 meter events.

Chris, who competed in the 1500 meter event? O'Hare is another noteworthy Scottish player who has previously achieved good results in the season, winning both the UK national qualifiers and the Olympic Anniversary.

Doyle recalled that she participated in the first World championship, when the only other Scot in the team was Lee? Lee McConnell.

The captain said that she is deeply proud that so many of her compatriots have not only joined the team, but in some cases, they will also challenge for medals and compete to reach the finals.

The special thing about becoming the captain of the national team is that it is elected by the votes of other members of the national team. Therefore, it is a great honor for me to know that your teammates vote for you to strive for an extremely unusual achievement, no matter what, "she added.

Of course, I am very proud of all the Scottish players.

This only indicates how far we have come.

And they are all veteran track and field athletes here, approaching the goal of winning the podium.

How was my captain's speech?

Well, I think it's great.

I just referred to the fact that in this situation, we are very lucky because we are hosting the World Championships at home.

Therefore, it is really important for us to rely on home support and grow up by returning to the Olympic Stadium.

I will have a second chance to participate in the competition, and the atmosphere there will be fantastic

In 2016, Huawei had a total of 180000 employees, with employee expenses reaching 121.8 billion yuan, a year-on-year increase of 21%.

Blocking Critics on Facebook: If you can't tolerate the criticism of voters, don't run for public office

Our founding father understands the style of bad media.

Americans all love Washington, but soon after, major newspapers began to fiercely criticize him for everything from domestic policies to political principles.

He is very angry at these criticisms, without a doubt.

But he did not silence these critics.

Because as early as 1783, Washington said, "Freedom of speech is deprived - we will be slaughtered like lambs in silence and ignorance

This reminds me of Governor Larry Hogan of Maryland, who needs to learn from Washington.

Hogan's staff blocked and deleted at least 450 posts as they expressed their views on his official Facebook page.

The American Civil Liberties Union sued him earlier this week.

The governor's staff believed that the lawsuit was very hasty, and online reports were filled with their strong resistance: "Who cares

Many people say, 'This is just Facebook.'

But this is important.

This is particularly important because facing people like Hogan.

This is a Republican who serves as governor in a state with a democratic majority, and he is surprisingly popular.

Among the 50 governors in the country, he received the second highest praise.

Hogan is not a reactionary and impatient person.

He manages Maryland smoothly and strictly follows the rules.

He is also very good at using Facebook as the main way to connect with voters, jokingly displaying his baldness after chemotherapy on the homepage for the first time.

So blocking people who come to the governor's homepage for comments is completely unnecessary and ultimately very dangerous. This homepage is a public forum, which is an official management platform advertised by employees who pay taxes and support the public.

In an interview with the Washington Post, Hogan's spokesperson, Amelia Shas, defended the governor's actions by saying that she believed blocking their comments was just a way for them to restrain themselves.

But they hastily describe it as a raging beast or cynic sweeping the internet.

The Washington Post has had face-to-face conversations with people blocked by Hogan.

They are just ordinary people talking to their chosen leaders: their identities are teachers, small business owners, and pastors, not just beasts of war.

They all expressed that their comments were profound, respectful, and not vulgar.

The pastor quoted words from the Bible in his post, calling on Hogan Ming to remember his Catholic faith.

Lakshmi Salma Lamani, a barrister in Bowie, Maryland, is not cynical, but she asked about hate crimes.

She wrote in the news story review section of the Washington Post, 'I politely commented that I am disappointed that he did not respond to hate crimes and other recent news events.'.

I also don't like a group of people commenting on the same topic, because these people will be directly ignored by some people, thinking that they are a so-called herd mentality, rather than treating them as a group of citizens who are concerned about the country and the people

The so-called "dense spam bombing" by the governor's staff may be seen by others as a "persistent advocate".

The Facebook era has made it easy to modify a message by blocking a critic or deleting a negative comment.

And it is also much cleaner than in the past. In order to achieve the same effect in that era, it was necessary to send staff out to collect and burn newspapers with critical comments, or to arrest or silence protesters.

But that is indeed what is happening now, but on a digital level.

Hogan is not the first public official to be accused of silencing others on Facebook and other social media.

President Trump is being sued by Twitter users because he blocked them on Twitter.

Last week, a landmark ruling emerged in Virginia regarding such issues.

According to James C. Carcharis, a district judge in Alexandria, the chairman of the Lauden County Supervisory Committee's act of blocking voters from her Facebook page violates the First Amendment.

Governor of Kentucky Governor Matt Bevan (R) was also patronized by the American Civil Liberties Union for his use of Facebook and Twitter.

This shouldn't be so difficult.

In the Washington era, affordable postage had a similar impact as the internet.

The number of news newspapers quadrupled between 1776 and 1800, and some wrote anonymous letters fiercely criticizing his leadership.

And even at that time, Washington had anonymous threats against him.

People use pseudonyms such as Yurikla, Valerius, Belisarius, and Bogus to write letters to the newspaper to severely criticize Washington's decision.

According to the Historical document collected by the online project of George Washington Newspaper, his office was flooded with petitions, criticizing his attitude towards the Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation between His Majesty the King of England and the United States of America signed with the United Kingdom.

But he did not silence them.

Freedom of speech, dissent, and speech are the foundation of this country.

And true leaders need to accept this.

The slightest disturbance in the real estate market is affecting people's sensitive nerves.

Purchase restrictions are a hard lever in many urban real estate regulation policies.

In May 2017, Jinan issued regulations that undergraduate students who have continuously paid social security for six months can enjoy the same purchase policy as local permanent residents;

In June, Wuhan issued a policy stipulating that college students can settle down with their graduation certificate and employment certificate within 3 years after graduation.

Subsequently, the policy was increased, and the official stated that "college students can buy a house at a price 20% lower than the market price";

In July, Chengdu issued regulations that young talents with bachelor's degree or above from other universities can apply to settle in Chengdu with their graduation certificate.

In addition, cities or regions such as Kunshan and Shanghai Lingang have also introduced policies related to "talent introduction" to lower the threshold for talent to purchase houses and settle down.

Zhang Hongwei believes that this is actually a competition among major cities for population, especially talent. Retaining population, especially talent, is what makes cities competitive, which is the most important significance of these real estate policies.

Some people even believe that this means that the time has come for the "purchase restrictions" in the real estate market to be lifted.

Director Er Dongsheng said on the same day that the shooting plan has a long history. The first time to adapt the script was in 1999, and he even planned to find Takeshi Kaneshiro to play Yan Shisan.

Ronan Rafferty looks forward to enjoying the feeling of returning home at the Renaissance Club

East Lothian Renaissance Club will hold the 25th Scottish Evergreen Open, and former European champion Ronan Rafferty will enjoy the feeling of going home in the next three days.

The Northern Irish people man led the next door Archerfield Links to the final last year, but lost to Paul Earles in the end. He is currently working for the new venue, representing the club's founder and CEO Jerry Salvati as the event ambassador.

Laferty said, "I witnessed the establishment of the Renaissance Club, and we will also witness its glory through this competition.

Athletes will see the best appearance and form of this stadium.

Jerry founded this place unparalleled.

He is a passionate supporter of this competition and is very proud of his achievements here.

This is the best stage to showcase this stadium

English people's Earls is looking forward to defending his title for the first time, although he has won both the European Tour and the European Challenge Tour in his 32 year career.

The Southport athlete said: "This is really very special.

I didn't defend my title at the Extremadura Open, because the game was canceled the year after I won.

It feels amazing to come to this place,

Playing golf here is very wonderful.

Last year's memories have emerged one by one, and for me and my wife Sharon, last year's victory has special significance for us.

That was really a special memory, and we will always remember it

Returning to his hometown for the competition is Gary Orr, who turned 50 earlier this year and also participated in the European Evergreen Tour.

This is his first time participating in a Scottish tournament since the 2013 Scottish Open.

Orr from Helensburgh said: "There will always be more significance in returning home to compete,

You want to do well; But I can also feel the extra pressure.

I really enjoy being able to compete again, I have been playing golf.

I am very satisfied with the current situation

Joining the trio were former Masters champion Ian Woosnam and Evergreen champion Paul Broadhurst, Roger Chapman, Mark James and Mark? Manutti.

There were six Scottish athletes on the court, of whom Orr and Sam Torrance, the former captain of the Ryder Cup, were the second, and the other four were Andrew Odkon, Stephen McAllister, Bill Langmuir and Ross Drummond.

Admission is free, with a parking fee of £ 5 per vehicle carrying one passenger and £ 10 per vehicle carrying two or more passengers.

All fees collected are donated to Prostate Cancer UK, a charity organization for prostate cancer.

On the 22nd, Zou Shoumin, Director of the Environmental Supervision Bureau of the Ministry of Environmental Protection of China, introduced in Beijing that in August, a total of 57 consecutive daily punishment cases were implemented nationwide. The new revision of the Environmental Protection Law implemented earlier this year significantly increased China's environmental law enforcement efforts.

At present, environmental protection agencies in various parts of China can use daily continuous penalties, lockdowns, production restrictions, and administrative detention to investigate and punish environmental violations, and cooperate with judicial authorities to punish environmental crimes.

According to Zou Shoumin, in August, a total of 335 cases of seizure and detention were implemented across China; A total of 177 cases of production restriction or suspension were implemented; A total of 189 administrative detention cases were transferred, and 166 suspected cases of environmental pollution crimes were transferred.

Among them, Henan has implemented 7 consecutive daily penalties, and currently, China is comprehensively strengthening environmental pollution control from terminal control to full embedding.

Although the downward pressure on the economy is evident, the Ministry of Environmental Protection of China has previously made it clear that China should correctly handle the positioning of environmental protection in economic development, strengthen its "green fixation", and the more economic growth slows down, the more it cannot relax environmental protection, and play a good role in optimizing the economy through environmental protection.

There is no maximum, only higher. Kweichow Moutai's share price can't stop on the road to a new high.

On January 9, the A-share "king" Kweichow Moutai's share price hit a new historical high again, closing at 782.52 yuan, with a total market value of 983 billion yuan, just one step away from the trillion yuan market value.

The guide price of 1499 yuan has increased by 200 yuan compared to the previous retail price of 1299 yuan.

On December 28, 2017, Kweichow Moutai announced that after research, it was decided to appropriately raise the price of Maotai liquor from 2018, with an average increase of about 18%.

This price increase has stimulated the stock price of Kweichow Moutai to soar. According to the statistics of the Beijing Morning News reporter, the stock price of Kweichow Moutai has risen by 95 yuan, or more than 14%, since the eight trading days when Kweichow Moutai's price increase was announced.

Statistics show that the gross domestic product of Guizhou Province in the first to third quarters of 2017 was 950 billion yuan, and the market value of Maotai far lags behind the GDP of Guizhou Province in the first three quarters of last year.

Driven by Moutai, liquor listed companies have started to raise prices and control goods, enjoying the dividends brought by consumption upgrading.

Since 2017, the share prices of most Baijiu listed companies have continued to soar, including Swellfun, Wuliangye Yibin, Shanxi Fenjiu, Kweichow Moutai, etc., whose share prices have more than doubled.

After entering Microsoft's real-time dialogue translation mode, the screen is divided into two equal parts, and the two users of the conversation can choose their own language.

On the morning of December 21st, Kovitova completed the surgery and doctors repaired all the tendons and 2 nerves of her 5 fingers.

Foreign high-level talents who hold Chinese green cards can enjoy "National treatment" when they establish technology-based enterprises.

The first of the "Twenty Measures" is to "support high-level foreign talents holding permanent residence identity cards to establish technology-based enterprises".

According to data from the National Bureau of Statistics, China's GDP grew by 6.9% year-on-year in the first three quarters of 2017, an increase of 0.2 percentage points compared to the same period last year. Among them, the first quarter, second quarter, and third quarter grew by 6.9%, 6.9%, and 6.8% respectively, operating in the 6.7-6.9% range for nine consecutive quarters, maintaining medium to high growth rates.

On December 20th Beijing time, Azarene Cartoon announced through social media that she had successfully given birth to a child and was promoted to become a mother.

Russian media claims that Putin will own a new domestic special car: the unit price is 15% cheaper than Mercedes Benz

According to a report by Russian media on January 18th, Russian Minister of Industry and Trade Manturov stated that the unit price of cars in President Putin's "fleet" starts from 6 to 7 million rubles.

The budget target is to control the price 15% lower than that of the Mercedes-Benz S-Class.

According to a report from the Russian Lianta Network on January 16th, from the end of February to the beginning of March, the main research and development unit of the President's car, the Russian National Automotive Engineering Research Institute (NAMI), will deliver 16 vehicles to the Federal Security Agency.

According to the report, the "fleet" project requires the use of a unified module platform to manufacture three types of cars for the country's top figures - Limousine, hatchbacks and minibuses. The budget allocation for this project is 12.4 billion rubles.

It was reported that the first domestic Limousine manufactured for the president since the Soviet Union appeared about five years ago. According to the R&D unit's plan, the new car will be equipped with an 800 horsepower engine and armor, with a total weight of 6 tons.

It is reported that the engineering and technical team of Porsche AG in Germany participated in the research and development of the power plant.

According to TASS News Agency's report on January 16th, Manturov told reporters that the "Fleet" series of cars will be sold for retail starting from 2019, and various configurations of models can be purchased.

Starting from next year, anyone interested can order, whether it's bulletproof or luxury, without any sales restrictions

The Russian Ministry of Industry and Trade plans to increase the annual production of the "Fleet" series of cars to over 1000 units after 2020.

Mantulov said, "We are now producing 18 vehicles at full capacity. This year's production is over 70 vehicles, next year it will reach 200 vehicles, and the following year it will be 300 vehicles or even more."

(Compiled by He Yingjun)

Good evening, everyone

Today is Friday, December 1st, the 14th of Shíyuè in the lunar calendar. Welcome to the news broadcast

Firstly, I would like to introduce the main content of today's program to you.



State Counselor Aung San Suu Kyi of Myanmar and President and Prime Minister Hun Sen of the Cambodian People's Party came to attend the high-level dialogue between the CPC and the world political parties.

Li Keqiang Meets with Russian President Putin.

Li Keqiang arrived in Sochi to attend the 16th meeting of the prime ministers of SCO member states.

The 12th National Congress of the China Association for Promoting Democracy opened in Beijing, and Wang Yang delivered a congratulatory speech on behalf of the CPC Central Committee.

Leaders of political parties from multiple countries visited the five-year major achievement exhibition in Beijing, affirming China's great changes and sharing China's development experience.

Difficult progress, both sides of the peace talks start a close synchronized meeting

Ladies and gentlemen, today's news broadcast program will take approximately 35 minutes.

Next, please watch the detailed content.


Keynote speech titled "Building a Better World Together"


Is willing to work with all parties to promote the construction of a Community of Common Destiny

Political parties play an important role in the political life of the country and are also an important force in promoting the progress of human civilization.

At the end of the year, leaders of nearly 300 political parties and Political organisation from around the world gathered in Beijing to discuss cooperation plans.


The future and destiny of people around the world are increasingly closely linked.

People from all over the world should uphold the concept of one country under heaven, understand each other, seek common ground while reserving differences

Work together to build a Community of Common Destiny

I put forward the the Belt and Road Initiative to implement the concept of a Community of Common Destiny.


We must strive to build a world that is far from closed, open, and inclusive, adhering to the concept that the world is rich and diverse, and civilization is diverse.

Let various civilizations coexist harmoniously.

We must strive to build a clean and beautiful world with clear mountains and clear waters, adhere to the concept of coexistence between humans and nature, and jointly create a harmonious and livable environment

Human Homeland

Establish a new type of political party relationship that seeks common ground while reserving differences, respects each other, and learns from each other.

Build a variety of forms and levels of international political party exchange and cooperation network, and gather strong forces to build a Community of Common Destiny.

We should do our own thing well, which is in itself a contribution to building a Community of Common Destiny.

We also need to create more opportunities for the world by promoting China's development.

We do not import foreign models, nor export the Chinese model, nor ask other countries to copy China's practices.

first

The CPC will, as always, contribute to world peace and tranquility.

China will hold high the banner of peace, development, cooperation, and win-win situation, unswervingly follow the path of peaceful development, and actively promote the construction of global partnerships.

Actively participate in the political resolution process of international hot and difficult issues.

No matter how far China develops, it will never seek hegemony or engage in expansion.

By the middle of this century, China will build itself into a prosperous, strong, democratic, civilized, harmonious, and beautiful socialist modern power.

This will benefit the Chinese people and also the people of all countries around the world.

We advocate that political parties from all over the world join us in creating more opportunities for cooperation and striving to promote common development and prosperity among countries around the world.

The CPC has always emphasized setting up a global perspective, actively learning from the achievements of civilization created by people all over the world, and applying them in the light of China's reality.

Carry out dialogue, exchange and cooperation, and support people of all countries in strengthening cultural exchanges and people-to-people friendship.

Institutionalize the high-level dialogue between the CPC and the world's political parties to make it widely representative and internationally influential

High end political dialogue platform

Confucius, an ancient Chinese thinker

I said

Beneficial three friends, friends are direct, friends are understanding, and friends are knowledgeable.

The CPC is willing to make friends all over the world.

For a long time, the CPC has maintained regular contact with more than 400 political parties and Political organisation in more than 160 countries and regions in the world.

Sharing Experience in Party and State Governance

Enhance strategic relationships with each other

The high-level dialogue between the CPC and world political parties focused on the responsibility of building a Community of Common Destiny and jointly building a better world political parties. More than 600 Chinese and foreign representatives from nearly 300 political parties and Political organisation from more than 12 countries attended the meeting.

State Counselor Aung San Suu Kyi of Myanmar, Deputy Secretary of the Presidium of the General Committee of the United Russia Party of Russia, Jerezniak, and Treasurer of the Republican National Committee of the United States, Anthony Parker.


Mutual understanding, support, and coordination.

Practical cooperation in various fields has made positive progress, and the relationship between the two countries has maintained a good momentum of healthy and stable development.


Looking at the relationship between the two countries

We are willing to work with Myanmar to firmly grasp the correct direction of the development of China–Myanmar relations and implement the consensus reached by both sides.

Actively explore new cooperation growth points such as the construction of the China Myanmar Economic Corridor, and promote the sound and rapid development of China–Myanmar relations


The conference summarized various work since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.

It also takes the construction of a Community of Common Destiny as the direction of China's diplomatic efforts in the new era.

The relationship between Myanmar and China is of special significance to Myanmar, as we have a long-standing friendship among the people.



At present, Cambodia–China relations are at the best stage in history

The political mutual trust between the two sides continues to strengthen, practical cooperation continues to expand, and cultural exchanges are becoming increasingly close, bringing tangible benefits to the two peoples.

Next year marks the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia. We hope that both sides can use the celebration of the 60th anniversary as an opportunity to promote the in-depth development and stability of bilateral relations.

Cambodia has always provided firm support to China

China has always supported Cambodia to pursue a development path that is in line with its national conditions and supports the Cambodian government

China is willing to work with Cambodia to actively expand strategic cooperation between the two countries and play the political leading role of bipartisan exchanges in bilateral relations.

Expand the breadth and depth of practical cooperation, strengthen cooperation in the fields of defense, law enforcement, and security, promote cultural exchanges, and closely cooperate with both sides at the United Nations

Coordination and cooperation in multilateral mechanisms such as East Asia cooperation and Lancang-Mekong Cooperation will work together to build an unbreakable China Cambodia community of common destiny.

Made a major political judgment that Socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era, pointed out new changes in major social contradictions, and made it clear that


Spoke highly of the high-level dialogue between the CPC and the world political parties held by China

He stated that China is a close partner with high trust and full trust from the Cambodian side, and the Cambodian side is satisfied with the Cambodian China relationship.

Continuously improving one's governance ability and level

Ding Xuexiang, Yang Jiechi and others attended the meeting.

Premier Li Keqiang met with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the Kremlin in Moscow on November 29 local time.



Li Keqiang pointed out that at present, the economic cooperation between the two countries is taking solid steps, the cooperation in traditional fields continues to advance, and the cooperation in new fields has also made progress.

China is willing to strengthen docking between the the Belt and Road Initiative and the Eurasian Economic Union.

Li Keqiang stressed that China is willing to strengthen communication and coordination with Russia in international affairs.

Close cooperation within multiple frameworks such as the Shanghai Cooperation Organization to jointly promote stable and progressive regional cooperation

Injecting Constructive Forces into World Peace and Development

Putin welcomed Li Keqiang to Russia to attend the meeting of prime ministers of SCO member states.

He stated that

At present, the growth momentum of Russia China trade is good, and cooperation in energy, transportation infrastructure, agriculture, local areas and other fields is actively promoted.

The Eurasian Economic Union and the the Belt and Road Initiative are complementary.

I hope both sides can coordinate their development strategies well and achieve mutual benefit and win-win situation.

Both sides also exchanged views on international and regional issues of common concern.

This is Sochi International Airport in Russia. At the invitation of Prime Minister of Russia Medvedev, Premier Li Keqiang of the State Council arrived here at noon on the 30th local time.

Attending the 16th Meeting of Prime Ministers of SCO Member States, senior officials from the Russian government and Chinese Ambassador to Russia, including Li Hui, welcomed them at the airport.

Li Keqiang said that since the establishment of the SCO 16 years ago

It has become an important platform for maintaining regional security and stability, and promoting common development and prosperity.

I look forward to gathering with all parties in Sochi, the Pearl of the Black Sea, to jointly review the achievements and tap into potential after the first expansion of the SCO.

At a new starting point

On the afternoon of November 30 local time, Premier Li Keqiang met with Prime Minister Rasurzoda of Prime Minister of Tajikistan, Prime Minister Abbasi of Prime Minister of Pakistan and Prime Minister Aripov of Prime Minister of Uzbekistan in the hotel where he stayed in Sochi.

Rasulzoda expressed that he welcomes China's continued participation in important projects such as the development of Tajikistan's electricity, natural gas pipelines, and transportation facilities.

Tajikistan is willing to provide preferential policy support for Chinese enterprises.

When meeting with Brazil, Li Keqiang said that the Chinese side is willing to hold a high degree of political sincerity to discuss the construction of the free trade zone with Brazil

Promote the balanced development of Balanced trade between the two countries, and promote the strengthening of cooperation between enterprises of the two countries.

Thank you to the Pakistani side for providing security guarantees to Chinese enterprises and citizens in Pakistan

China is willing to continue to carry out security and defense cooperation with Pakistan and make contributions to regional peace and stability.

Li Keqiang pointed out that China welcomes Pakistan to attend the Prime Minister's Meeting as a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization for the first time, and is willing to continue to work closely with Pakistan in multilateral institutions such as the Shanghai Cooperation Organization

Communication and coordination in regional affairs

Abbasi stated that the current construction of the Pakistan China Economic Corridor is progressing smoothly.

Pakistan will continue to fully promote the construction of the corridor


Ukraine is willing to work together with China to strengthen cooperation in transportation facilities, hydropower and other fields, and promote the comprehensive development of bilateral relations and cooperation.

Ukraine is willing to strengthen cooperation between the two countries within the framework of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization.

The decisions of the provisional regulations shall come into effect from the date of promulgation.

According to the deployment of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the State Council, the pilot project of replacing business tax with value-added tax was launched in 2012, and was fully launched on May 1, 2016.

After the comprehensive implementation of the pilot program of replacing business tax with value-added tax

The service industry that originally implemented business tax has already uniformly collected value-added tax, essentially completely abolishing the business tax that has been in effect for over 60 years.

And sent a congratulatory message on behalf of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China

The congratulatory message pointed out that since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, the cause of the Party and the state has achieved historic achievements and undergone historic changes.

The united front and multi-party cooperation have made important contributions.

Over the past five years, DPP has adhered to its mission of helping the ruling party, doing its duty for the country and Serve the People

Extensive and in-depth research, actively offering suggestions and suggestions

Make new contributions to the implementation of the strategy of revitalizing the country through science and education, strengthening the country through talent, and promoting innovation driven development.

Accurately grasp the requirements of building a Socialism with Chinese characteristics Sanseitō, and earnestly perform the functions of participating in the discussion of politics, democratic supervision, and political consultation under the leadership of the CPC.

Promote self construction to a new level

Zhang Baowen, Vice Chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress and Chairman of the Central Committee of the NLD, delivered a congratulatory speech on behalf of the central committees of the democratic parties and the All China Federation of Industry and Commerce.

Yan Junqi, standing chairman of the presidium of the congress, delivered a work report on behalf of the 13th Central Committee of the Democratic Progressive Movement.

Liu Yandong, You Quan, Qiangba Puncog, Zhang Qingli

The Constitution of the China Association for Promoting Democracy (Amendment) was reviewed and passed, and the 14th Central Committee of the China Association for Promoting Democracy was elected.


A Five-year Major Achievement Exhibition with Diligence and Progress

We regard China as the future development direction of the world, especially Marxism–Leninism is not a dogma, it is a philosophy, and must adapt to the development of the country itself.

This is what the CPC is doing

The 16th National Congress of the Chinese Peasants'and Workers' Democratic Party closed in Beijing on December 1. The congress successfully completed all the agenda and voted to adopt

The 16th National Congress of the Chinese Workers' Democratic Party, the 16th National Congress of the Chinese Workers' Democratic Party, and the resolution on the report of the 15th Central Committee.

Comprehensively strengthen self construction and resolutely implement the work arrangements of the 16th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.

With a brand new spirit and a proud attitude of struggle

Write a brilliant chapter worthy of the new era

The amendment to the Articles of Association of Jiusan Society was reviewed and passed, and it was decided to submit it to the 11th National Congress of Jiusan Society for deliberation.

We have assisted over 10000 tourists in safely returning home

As of now, Bali Airport is still temporarily open.

Due to the change of wind direction, the Volcanic ash from Mount Agung began to spread southward

Impact on Bali Airport and Airways

In order to ensure safety, the impact on Volcanic ash caused by the flight crew of the airlines who go to assist the stranded tourists to return home

As Mount Agung continues to erupt, the local airport may be closed at any time. The airline reminds passengers to return home as soon as possible.

This volcano erupted violently in 1963

Has caused over a thousand deaths

We cannot predict whether this eruption will be larger than the one in 1963.

But according to our assessment, the likelihood of a large-scale eruption remains high.

Since the evening of the 29th, there have been 57 flights from domestic and foreign airlines to assist Chinese tourists returning to Bali.

I finally came back, got off the plane, and arrived in my own country in a good mood

It is understood that among the foreign tourists stranded on Bali, Chinese tourists are the most, accounting for about a quarter.

Currently, most Chinese tourists have returned to their home countries.

Tonight, ten more planes will continue to assist stranded tourists returning home.