Last week, the costume drama "Beauty's Private Kitchen" was temporarily suspended, which accidentally sparked a heated discussion about fraudulent ratings of domestic dramas.
Civil rights groups issue travel warning for Missouri
Due to discriminatory policies and racist attacks in Missouri, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) has issued a travel advisory to people of color planning to travel to Missouri.
“ The NAACP Missouri Travel Advisory, effective August 28, 2017, calls for all African American travelers, tourists, and Missourians to We are hereby informed with the utmost care and caution," the group's statement declared.
The NAACP pointed to a recently passed Missouri law that makes it harder for people to win discrimination lawsuits, as well as the fact that law enforcement in the state has targeted minorities in part, prompting the group to issue a travel advisory.
Violations of civil rights are happening to people.
They were pulled over and questioned because of the color of their skin, they were beaten or killed," Missouri NAACP President Rod Chappell told The Kansas City Star.
"We've had an unprecedented number of complaints."
It was the first warning of its kind issued by the group against a state in the United States.
The group cited racial slurs against black students at the University of Missouri and the death of Tory Sanders, a 28-year-old black Tennessee man.
Earlier this year, Sanders died under suspicious circumstances. He ran out of fuel while traveling in Missouri and was taken into custody by Missouri police without charge of a crime.
The advisory also noted that a recent report from the Missouri Attorney General's Office found that "black drivers in the state are 75 percent more likely to be stopped and stopped compared to whites. "
"This advisory is to raise awareness and warn their families, friends and colleagues of what may be happening in Missouri," Chappell said.
"People need to be prepared, whether it's going to Missouri with bail or letting relatives know they're traveling within the state," he said.
According to the most recent data from the FBI's Hate Crime Reporting Program, Missouri recorded 100 hate crimes in 2015; the state ranks 16th in the nation based on crime volume.
The travel warning is also a response to a new Missouri law that will make it harder to sue businesses for housing or employment discrimination.
The move comes after US states passed immigration enforcement laws requiring local law enforcement to detain immigration violators, a move the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU) said would increase the number of racial lawsuits and issued travel advisories for Texas and Arizona .
Travel advisories are usually issued by the U.S. government for other countries, but recently, advisory groups have taken this approach in response to certain laws and trends within the U.S.
experiencing the "golden age" of soaring box office in 2015, the overall film market has entered a cooling-off period in 2016. Whether it can break through last year's total box office of 44.069 billion yuan has become a suspense.
According to the data released by the National Bureau of Statistics, in October, the prices of new and second-hand housing in Beijing both cooled down, rising only 0.6% and 1.1% month-on-month.
Lupescu, the current chief technical officer of UEFA, made a technical report on the 2016 European Championship and last season's UEFA Champions League at this conference.
BBC calls Beijing the most exciting city: it makes foreigners feel "living in a new era"
Reference News Network reported on January 18 that Beijing may have a long history of three thousand years, but it is also rapidly transforming into the modern and charming city it is today.
With its blazingly fast internet, cutting-edge technology like facial recognition software, huge investments in artificial intelligence and an unrivaled cosmopolitan energy, the Chinese capital is an ideal destination for inquisitive foreigners. One of the most exciting cities.
"If I can succeed there, I can succeed everywhere," said German expat Clemens Seich, citing singer Frank Sinnert, according to the BBC website on January 16 . La sings the lyrics to New York City.
"If Sinatra were alive today, he would probably be singing about a city like Beijing," said Sehi, creative director at Traveller's Archives magazine. Living in the city, he says, makes you feel "lived." In the new era", always keep up with the trend.
in Beijing, wrote on his personal blog 4Corners7Seas: "There is a general sense of being at the center of something big, which is hard to articulate, but it makes many foreign People stay there for a long time. They want to see what it's going to be like, and they want to see it for themselves."
The city's high-quality, high-speed internet and technology-friendly environment make everyday life easier than ever.
"Beijing is rapidly transforming into a cashless society, with the Internet integrating the functions of traditional wallets into smartphones," said Andy Penafuerte, who is from Manila and is currently deputy editor-in-chief of Beijing Kids.com. Making many transactions easier for everyone."
But smartphones are just the beginning of Beijing's technological ambitions, with facial recognition software already ubiquitous and used by many mobile apps to make bank transfers and payments, let people into apartments and offices and even verify ride-hailing services The identity of the driver.
Beijing also recently announced plans to spend 13.8 billion yuan to build an artificial intelligence science and technology park that will house more than 400 companies focused on developing AI technologies ranging from biometrics to self-driving cars.
Food is also at the heart of many major festivals in China over the years. Participation in these celebrations is highly regarded by foreigners. The Spring Festival is the most important social and economic festival, and it is also one of the easiest festivals for foreigners to participate in.
Sai Xi said: "I suggest helping Chinese friends prepare for the New Year. Cleaning the apartment is as important as pasting red Spring Festival couplets with New Year greetings on the door of the house. On New Year's Eve, all family members have to gather together for a big meal. It’s a big meal, and then watch until midnight to welcome the New Year with brilliant and loud fireworks. For foreigners, spending this evening with friends and family is really a chance to blend in.”
The number of foreigners in Beijing is large and growing, but China's language barrier and ease of communication among expatriates can easily be an excuse for them not to fully assimilate into the local culture.
"Some foreigners have lived in China for years but have little experience with their host country," Sehi said. "If your initial attempts at reaching out to the Chinese are not successful, it's easy to get along with other foreigners. Feel.
"In these so-called "laowai bubbles" ("laowai bubbles" means that foreigners only hang out among foreigners, without contact with local people and local culture-translator's note), foreigners live in their own communities Hang out in groups, eat at western restaurants, and have only foreigners among your friends.
The easiest way to overcome this is to learn a little Mandarin - which is simpler than one might think.
"Taking an hour or two a week of private Chinese lessons or learning introductory radio dramas should fit into everyone's busy schedule," Sehi said.
Even learning a few classic phrases can help when shopping, ordering food at a restaurant, or making small talk in a taxi.
Stubborn air pollution is also a fact of everyday life, though governments in recent years have worked hard to curb some of the problems.
Residents stress the importance of being outdoors during the warmer months, when pollution tends to be lower, using those blue-sky days as an opportunity to wander the historic hutongs or explore the popular Ritan Park.
“Beijing is the Chinese city where you can find the most things below the surface,” Norton said. “You can find great art and music events, lively nightlife, historical wonders, ultra-modern business districts and ancient hutong districts.”
According to the report, the hindering effect of aging on the growth of human capital is becoming more and more obvious, especially in Northeast China, where the average annual contribution rate of aging to human capital growth is -1.28%.
Pan Gongsheng pointed out that the current risk of cross-border capital flows is controllable, and the fundamental factors supporting the balance of payments still exist for a long time.
Chinanews.com, Beijing, December 17th (Reporter Gao Kai) The world is bright because of heritage - 2016 International Summit Forum on Appraisal, Restoration and Protection of Ancient Chinese Paintings and Calligraphy opened at Renmin University of China on December 17th.
The European Commission accused Google in April of forcing phone makers to pre-install software such as Google Search and the Chrome browser, otherwise they would not be allowed to use other Google applications.
The European Commission believes that the move is detrimental to the interests of consumers and hinders competition.
EU regulators initially gave Google until July 27 to respond.
If convicted of antitrust charges, Google faces a fine of up to 10% of its global revenue, about $7.4 billion.
Google was not immediately available for comment.
Google is also facing an EU investigation for favoring its own shopping service in search results.
It can be said that Zhang Yuning's "jumping" from the National Youth League to the National Olympics is not accidental, and the extent of his rapid growth is still surprising.
A picture to understand: Bitcoin's legal status around the world
Abstract: In addition to the price correction naturally caused by speculative attributes, the current round of digital currency plummet is also related to the "old enemy" - regulatory risk.
Judging from the visual map, Eastern countries have a more conservative attitude towards Bitcoin than Western countries, and countries that account for the majority of the world are still waiting to see the legality of digital currencies, which means that the "black swan risk" is still great.
*This article is from Wall Street News (WeChat ID: wallstreetcn), edited by Wang Mu. For more exciting information, please visit wallstreetcn.com, or download the Wall Street News APP. *
With the regulatory turmoil in China, South Korea and the European Union and other major Bitcoin markets, the global digital currency led by Bitcoin has been bloodbathed this week . Biggest one-day drop.
In addition to the price correction naturally caused by speculative attributes, the current round of slump in digital currencies is also related to the long-standing "enemy"-regulatory risk.
At this important juncture, HowMuch.net, a big data visualization website , has produced a map showing the legal status and degree of supervision of Bitcoin in countries around the world.
As shown in the figure below, green represents the legal market for Bitcoin; orange represents the neutral market, although the status of legalized Bitcoin has not been publicly disclosed, but there are no major usage restrictions; light pink represents the restricted market, that is, the local government is trying to pass The red line policy or regulation refers to the use of digital currency; the dark pink represents the country where Bitcoin is defined as illegal; the gray is the country that has not yet commented.
(The picture above is drawn by the HowMuch.Net visualization team on January 15)
The article pointed out that from the distribution of non-green color blocks in the figure, it can be seen that the traditional Eastern countries have a more conservative attitude towards Bitcoin than the Western countries.
Russia is currently the largest country that defines Bitcoin as illegal, China is one of the largest restricted markets for Bitcoin, and India is one of the largest countries that has not yet commented on Bitcoin and has not issued relevant policies.
North America and Western Europe are the regions with the highest acceptance of Bitcoin, i.e. the distribution of green blocks is more concentrated.
The views on Bitcoin in the Middle East and Latin American countries are clearly divided, and the distribution of color blocks in the above-mentioned regions is more mixed.
Among them, Iraq, Iran, Turkey, and Brazil are all legal bitcoin markets. Afghanistan, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bolivia, etc. have certain restrictions on their transactions and use. More Latin American countries have not yet spoken out about bitcoin.
Based on the above data, it can be seen that among the 246 countries in the world, a total of 99 countries (or 40%) impose no restrictions on the transaction and use of Bitcoin, that is, the green and orange areas .
7 countries (or 3%) are restricted markets (light pink), 10 countries (or 4%) define Bitcoin as illegal (dark pink), 130 countries (or 53 %) has no more treatment of digital currency information (gray).
This shows that countries accounting for 53% of the world's main body (53%, more than half) are still waiting to see the legitimacy of digital currencies led by Bitcoin in the country, and it also means that the "black swan risk" of Bitcoin is still very large, because some countries A legislative decision to limit digital currencies may eventually be made.
The article believes that global regulators have not yet fully understood the emerging category of digital currency, which may be the main reason why most countries have not yet made a statement.
Although the "popularity" of Bitcoin has grown exponentially since last year, it does not mean that all countries are interested. Some countries may be worried that their local legal currency will be threatened, or more concerned that digital currencies will be used by criminal organizations.
Wall Street News once wrote an article summarizing in detail the international regulatory news for Bitcoin since last week, including China’s crackdown on centralized service online platforms and mobile apps for OTC exchanges, South Korea’s still considering shutting down digital currency exchanges, and the European Union’s decision to It has not been widely accepted and warns investors of the risk of "losing everything" etc.
Editor-in-Chief's Selection of Wall Street Insights "Reading Highlights | 2018: The first year of digital currency for the world's central mothers? "It was mentioned that from any point of view of supervision, acceptance/criticism, and adoption, 2018 will be the first year of digital currency for central banks around the world.
Russia and other big countries criticize the legal status of Bitcoin, which is actually to make way for the official issuance of digital currency.
Xinhua News Agency, Madrid, January 8 (Reporter Xie Yuzhi) Barcelona's new aid Coutinho made his debut wearing a Barcelona jersey at the Nou Camp on the 8th.
Coutinho passed Barcelona's medical examination that morning and signed a contract with Barcelona chairman Bartomeu that will expire in the summer of 2023.
Then as a Barcelona player, he appeared in front of nearly 7,000 fans at the Nou Camp.
According to Spanish media, Coutinho's total transfer fee may reach 160 million euros (1 euro is about 7.77 yuan), which is the most valuable in the history of the Barcelona club and La Liga.
Since Coutinho is still injured right now, he still needs to rest for nearly 20 days before he can usher in his debut wearing a Barcelona jersey.
What else is sacred?
Now the Trump White House is targeting the Statue of Liberty
The surest sign of regime change is when they start attacking statues.
Americans agree with this as much as anyone. Thus, in 2003, Saddam Hussein in Baghdad's Paradise Square was orchestrated toppled.
Stephen Miller, one of the Trump administration's key think tanks, is in a heated battle with CNN's Jim Acosta over the president's proposals to severely limit legal immigration While arguing, he must have known what would happen to his symbolic ax blow to the Statue of Liberty.
To be fair, Miller didn't attack the statue itself.
If he did, a group of cruise ship owners and libertarian henchmen would surely eat him alive.
But he did attack the significance of the statue, especially when Emma Lazarus's famous poem was inscribed on the pedestal in 1903 (the monument was not completed 17 years later).
As Miller rebukes Acosta: "I don't want to get into the full facts of history here, but the Statue of Liberty is the symbol of American freedom illuminating the world ...
The poem you are referring to, which was added later, was not part of the original Statue of Liberty. "
Actually, Miller is right, but as he himself says, it's not really about history.
This involves modern echoes of Lazarus' stunning words, the only country that seems to invite not just any old immigrant, but the poorest of the poor: "Your weariness, your poverty, or your huddle The populace longs to breathe free, / The wretched reject your crowded beaches."
There is no such thing as a moment when "suffering people refuse" is getting more glaring on our screens.
Miller, who has not worked as a literary critic, made it clear that such people would not be welcome in Trump’s America.
This conflict over the meaning of the statue is part of a wider political and cultural war: one that is, in effect, at odds with the American spirit.
Lazarus , and her friends, who held events after her death to inscribe her lines on pedestals, are well aware that what they are participating in is highly political.
The purpose of the sculpture is to express the connection between French and American republicanism through the old classic metaphor as the female embodiment of Liberty .
Lazarus changes this meaning: in her poems, the female figure is no longer abstract , she wants to speak.
She gave herself a very different name: Mother of Exile.
The poem combined with the painting was a successful feminist coup , and a devastating blow to American nativism.
Just as Lazarus changed the meaning of the statue, the right has been trying to change it back.
the great speaker , a baptist of Trump's arrival who argued in 2010 that liberalism wasn't inviting anyone, is an early newcomer Conservative, bringing the fire of American wisdom to a foolish world: "Liberty is indomitable.
She was meant to carry the torch of freedom from America to the rest of the world.
The torch is not to light the way of America. "
Unusually, Limbaugh was actually moved by something.
The meaning of the statue depends entirely on the cognitive angle.
What Lazarus does so imaginatively is being able to see it. It can be seen on the deck of a ship when the weary, poor but hopeful will be after a long and often horrific journey.
On the surface, it's about how people who seek asylum and a chance to improve their lives see the world.
Her statue conveys a message of hope and welcome that they need to hear.
Of course, that was not a view Mueller and Trump had wanted to admit.
Their torches are not to light the way, but to ignite the hatred that is their only source of power.
In 2006, Sa Dingding joined Universal Music with his unique music style, becoming the first Chinese to sign a contract with Universal UK headquarters.
World Championships 2017: Neil Black praises Scotland's England squad
Eilidh Doyle recalls that there were only two Scots in the England national team.
Neil Black, executive director of Great Britain Athletics , said the World Championships squad of 16 strong Scots would make a "huge contribution to the national team".
have been selected for the 2017 Athletics World Championships in London, which kicks off on Friday.
Black believes that "Scotland is doing something extraordinary" and British athletes must learn from it.
"We accept and try to understand that, and we're going to stick with it until we succeed ," Black said.
"I spoke to the people at the Scottish Institute of Sport. They thought it had something to do with what they were doing.
Scottish athletics believe it has something to do with what they do.
British Athletics believes this has something to do with their actions.
Even street people think so.
Regardless of the circumstances, it's absolutely brilliant. "
A number of Scottish athletes are medal contenders, including Laura Muir and Andrew Butchart, who will take on Mo Farah in the 5,000m, while Al Reid? Doyle (Eilidh Doyle) was selected as captain by the group.
"Erid is a bit humble.
Her captain's speech was unbelievable ," Black said.
"Many athletics athletes, whether they are Scottish or not, or wherever they live or train, walk out the door with pride and drive.
The passion and genuine affection that Aired naturally puts into it is nice. "
The Commonwealth silver medalist, who will compete in the 400m hurdles at his fifth world championships , said it was "incredible" that England had 16 Scots in the national team.
Previously, the maximum number of Scottish track and field athletes competing in the World Series was seven, which is the number of entries achieved in 1983 and 2015.
Middle runner Muir is the leader. She has set five British records and two European records in the past year.
She will compete in the 1500m and 5000m events.
Chris O'Hare, who competes in the 1500m event, is another Scottish player to watch after a strong season in which she won the British National Qualifiers and the Olympic Anniversary .
Doyle recalls playing her first world championship when the only other Scot on the team was Lee McConnell.
The captain said that she was very proud that so many of her compatriots not only joined the team, but also, in some cases, challenged for medals and competed for the finals.
"What's so special about being captain of the national team is that it's voted on by the rest of the national team. So knowing that your teammates voted you for something that's extremely unusual is, for me, anyway. It's a great honor," she added.
"Of course, I'm very proud of all the Scotland players.
This just goes to show how far we've come.
And they're all veteran track and field athletes here, track and field athletes who are on their way to a podium finish.
How was my captain's speech?
Well, I think it's pretty cool.
I was just referring to the fact that in this situation we are very lucky because we have the World Championships at home.
So it's really important that we get stronger with the home support and being back at the Olympic Stadium.
I'm going to get a second chance to compete and the atmosphere is going to be fantastic. "
In 2016, Huawei had a total of 180,000 employees, and its employee expenses reached 121.8 billion, a year-on-year increase of 21%.
Block critics on Facebook: If you can't stand voter blame, don't run for office
Our founding fathers knew how bad media works.
Americans loved Washington, but it wasn't long before the major newspapers were slamming everything from his domestic policies to his political principles.
He is annoyed by the criticism, no doubt about it.
But he hasn't silenced those critics.
Because as early as 1783, Washington said, "Freedom of speech is curtailed—we are slaughtered like lambs in silence and ignorance."
This brings me to Maryland Governor Larry Hogan, who needs to learn from Washington.
Hogan's staff blocked and deleted the posts of at least 450 people for expressing their views on his official Facebook page.
The American Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit against him earlier this week.
The governor's staff dismissed the lawsuit as hasty, with online reports rife with their backlash: "Who cares?"
A lot of people said "it's just Facebook."
But, it's important.
That's especially important because you're up against someone like Hogan.
Here's a Republican governor of a state with a Democratic majority, and he's surprisingly popular.
Out of 50 governors nationwide , he received the second-most favorable reviews.
Hogan was not a reactionary hothead.
He ran Maryland smoothly and strictly followed the rules.
He is also very good at using Facebook as the main way to connect with voters, jokingly showing off his bald head after chemotherapy for the first time on the home page.
So blocking people who come to the governor's page to comment is completely unnecessary and ultimately dangerous. This homepage is a public forum, an official management platform advertised by employees paid for by the public.
In an interview with The Washington Post, Hogan's spokeswoman, Amelia Shas, defended the governor's actions, saying she believed the blocking of their comments was simply a matter of restraint.
But they are too hasty to describe it as a scourge or a cynic sweeping the web.
The Washington Post has spoken face-to-face with people who were blocked by Hogan.
They're just ordinary people talking to their elected leaders: they're teachers, small business owners, and pastors, not monsters.
They all said that their comments were in-depth, respectful and not obscene.
Quoting the Bible in his post, the pastor called on Hogan to remember his Catholic faith.
Lakshmi Salma Ramani, a barrister in Bowie, Maryland, wasn't cynical, but she asked about hate crimes.
"I comment politely that I am disappointed that he has not responded to the hate crime and other recent news events," she wrote in the Washington Post's news story comments section.
I also don't like a group of people commenting on the same topic, because these people will be directly ignored by some people, thinking that they are so-called herd mentality, instead of treating them as a group of concerned citizens. "
What the governor's staff called an "intensive bombardment of spam" might appear to others as "insistence."
The age of Facebook has made it easy to change a message by blocking a critic or deleting a negative comment.
And far cleaner than in the past, when doing the same thing required sending operatives out to scour and burn critical newspapers or arresting or silencing protesters.
But that's exactly what's happening now, but on a digital level.
Hogan is not the first public official to be accused of silencing others on Facebook and other social media.
President Trump is being sued by Twitter users for blocking them on Twitter.
There was a landmark ruling in Virginia last week on just such issues.
The Loudoun County Board of Supervisors chairman violated the First Amendment by blocking voters from her Facebook page, according to U.S. District Judge James C. Kacharis of Alexandria.
Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin (R) has also been patronized by the ACLU for his use of Facebook and Twitter.
This shouldn't be this hard.
In the Washington era, affordable postage and the Internet had a similar impact.
The number of newspapers quadrupled between 1776 and 1800, and anonymous letters were fiercely critical of his leadership.
And even then, Washington had anonymous swarms against him.
People using pseudonyms such as Euricola, Valerius, Belisarius, and Pogius wrote letters to newspapers severely criticizing Washington's decisions.
His office was flooded with petitions criticizing his stance on the Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation between His Majesty the King of England and the United States of America with the United Kingdom, according to historical documents collected by The George Washington Newspapers Online Project.
But he didn't silence them.
Freedom of speech, freedom of dissent and freedom of speech is the foundation of this country.
And real leaders need to accept that.
The slightest disturbance in the property market affects people's sensitive nerves.
Purchasing restrictions are a hard lever for real estate regulation policies in many cities.
In May 2017, Jinan issued a regulation that undergraduates who pay social security for half a year can enjoy the same housing policy as local permanent residents;
In June, Wuhan issued a policy, stipulating that college students can settle down with their graduation certificates and employment certificates within three years of graduation.
Then the policy was increased, and the official said, "College students can buy a house at a price 20% lower than the market price";
In July, Chengdu issued a regulation that young talents with a bachelor's degree or above from a foreign university can apply to settle in Chengdu with their graduation certificate.
In addition, cities or regions such as Kunshan and Shanghai Lingang have also introduced policies related to "talent introduction" to lower the threshold for talents to buy houses and settle down.
Zhang Hongwei believes that this is actually a competition among major cities for population, especially talent. Only by retaining population, especially talent, can cities be competitive. This is the most important meaning of these real estate policies.
Some people even think that this means that the time has come to cancel the "purchase restriction" in the property market.
Director Er Dongsheng said on the same day that the filming plan has been around for a long time. The first adaptation of the script was in 1999, and he even planned to find Takeshi Kaneshiro to play Yan Shisan.
Ronan Rafferty looking forward to feeling at home at Renaissance Club
Former European champion Ronan Rafferty will enjoy coming home for the next three days as East Lothian Renaissance Club hosts the 25th Scottish Senior Open.
The Northern Irishman led next-door Archerfield Links to the final last year, where he lost to Paul Iles. He now works for the new venue, acting as an ambassador for the event on behalf of the club's founder and chief executive, Jerry Salvati.
Rafferty said: "I saw the Renaissance Club come into being and we will see it through this tournament.
Athletes will see the course at its best and at its best.
Jerry has built this place like nothing else.
He is a keen supporter of the competition and is very proud of what he has achieved here.
This is the best stage to show this course. "
England's Iles is looking to defend his title for the first time, despite having won both the European Tour and the European Challenge Tour in a 32-year career.
The Southport player said: "It's really special.
I didn't defend the Extremadura Open because it was canceled the year after I won.
It's amazing to come to this place,
Playing golf here is fantastic.
Memories of last year come back, and for me and my wife, Sharon, last year's win has a special meaning to us.
It was truly a special memory that we will always remember. "
Returning to his homeland is Gary Orr, who turned 50 earlier this year and then played on the European Senior Tour.
This is his first Scottish game since the 2013 Scottish Open.
The Helensburgh native Orr said: "There's always more meaning to going home and playing.
You want to do well; yet feel that extra pressure.
I'm really enjoying being able to play again, I've been playing golf.
I am very happy with the current situation. "
Joining the trio on the field were former Masters winner Ian Woosnam and Senior Champions Paul Broadhurst, Roger Chapman, Mark James and Mark McNutty .
Orr and former Ryder Cup captain Sam Torrens are two of six Scottish players on the field, the other four are Andrew Oderkohn, Stephen McAllister and Bill Langmiew and Rose Drummond.
Entry is free, parking is £5 per car with one passenger and £10 per car with two or more passengers.
All fees are donated to Prostate Cancer UK.
Zou Shoumin, director of the Environmental Supervision Bureau of the Ministry of Environmental Protection of China, introduced in Beijing on the 22nd that in August, a total of 57 cases of continuous punishment were imposed on a daily basis across the country.
At present, environmental protection agencies in various parts of China can use punishment methods such as continuous punishment on a daily basis, seizure and seizure, production restriction and suspension, and transfer to administrative detention to investigate and deal with environmental violations, and cooperate with judicial agencies to punish environmental crimes.
According to Zou Shoumin, in August, there were a total of 335 cases of seizure and seizure across China; 177 cases of production restriction and suspension; 189 cases of administrative detention and 166 cases of suspected environmental pollution crimes were transferred.
Among them, Henan implemented 7 consecutive punishments on a daily basis. At present, China is comprehensively strengthening environmental pollution control from end-to-end control to full-process embedding .
Although the downward pressure on the economy appears, the Ministry of Environmental Protection of China has made it clear that China should correctly handle the positioning of environmental protection in economic development and strengthen its "green focus". The optimization effect of environmental protection on economy.
There is no highest, only higher, Kweichow Moutai's stock price can't stop on the road to new highs.
On January 9, the stock price of Kweichow Moutai, the "king of shares" of A-shares, once again hit a record high. As of the close, it closed at 782.52 yuan, with a total market value of 983 billion yuan, only one step away from the trillion-dollar market value.
The guide price of 1499 yuan is 200 yuan higher than the previous retail price of 1299 yuan.
On December 28, 2017, Kweichow Moutai issued an announcement saying that after research, it has decided to appropriately increase the price of Moutai products from 2018, with an average increase of about 18%.
This price increase has stimulated the stock price of Kweichow Moutai to soar. According to the statistics of Beijing Morning Post, since the announcement of the price increase of Kweichow Moutai in 8 trading days, the stock price of Kweichow Moutai has risen by 95 yuan, an increase of more than 14%.
Statistics show that the GDP of Guizhou Province in the first three quarters of 2017 was 950 billion yuan, and the market value of Moutai was far behind the GDP of Guizhou Province in the first three quarters of last year.
Driven by Moutai, listed liquor companies have begun to increase prices and control goods, and enjoy the dividends brought about by consumption upgrades.
Since 2017, the stock prices of most listed liquor companies have continued to rise sharply, among which the stock prices of Shuijingfang, Wuliangye, Shanxi Fenjiu, and Kweichow Moutai have more than doubled.
After entering Microsoft's real-time dialogue translation mode, the screen is divided into two equal parts, and the two users in the dialogue can each choose their own language.
On the morning of December 21, Kvitova completed the operation. Doctors repaired all tendons and 2 nerves in her 5 fingers.
Foreign high-level talents holding Chinese green cards can enjoy "national treatment" when they start technology-based enterprises.
Among the "Twenty Measures" measures, the first one is to "support foreign high-level talents holding permanent residence ID cards to establish technology-based enterprises."
According to data from the National Bureau of Statistics, China's GDP grew by 6.9% year-on-year in the first three quarters of 2017, 0.2 percentage points faster than the same period of the previous year. Among them, the first quarter, the second quarter, and the third quarter increased by 6.9%, 6.9%, and 6.8% respectively, operating in the range of 6.7-6.9% for nine consecutive quarters, maintaining medium-to-high growth.
Beijing time , Azarenka announced through social media that she had successfully given birth to a son and became a mother.
Russian media said that Putin will have a new domestic car: the unit price is 15% cheaper than Mercedes-Benz
Reference News Network reported on January 18 that Russian media said that Russian Minister of Industry and Trade Manturov said that the unit price of cars in President Putin's "convoy" starts from 6 to 7 million rubles.
The budget target is to keep the price 15 percent below the Mercedes-Benz S-Class.
According to a report on January 16 by Russia's Lianta.com, from the end of February to the beginning of March, the Russian National Institute of Automotive Engineering (NAMI), the main research and development unit for the presidential car, will deliver 16 vehicles to the Federal Security Service .
of three types of cars for the country's top man - a stretch sedan, a sedan and a minibus - using a unified modular platform . The budget allocation for the project is 12.4 billion rubles.
According to the report, news of the first domestically produced limousine since the Soviet Union was built for the president appeared about 5 years ago. According to the plan of the research and development unit, the new car will be equipped with an 800-horsepower engine and armor, and the vehicle weight will be 6 tons.
It is reported that the engineering and technical team of Porsche AG in Germany participated in the research and development of the power unit.
According to a report by the TASS news agency on January 16, Manturov told reporters that the "Fleet" series of cars will be retailed from 2019, and models of various configurations can be bought.
"Starting next year, all interested parties will be able to order it, be it bulletproof or luxury, without any sales restrictions," the minister said.
The Russian Ministry of Industry and Trade plans to increase the annual production of the "Fleet" series of vehicles to more than 1,000 after 2020.
Manturov said: "We are now producing 18 vehicles at full capacity. This year's production is more than 70 vehicles, next year it will reach 200 vehicles, and the year after that will be 300 vehicles or even more."
(Compilation /He Yingjun)
Good evening, viewers
Today is Friday, December 1st, the fourteenth day of the lunar calendar. Welcome to the news broadcast program
First, let me introduce you the main content of today's program.
Xi Jinping attended the opening ceremony of the high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China and the world's political parties and delivered a keynote speech, and Wang Huning attended the first plenary meeting of the dialogue.
Xi Jinping met with
Aung San Suu Kyi, State Counselor of Myanmar, and Hun Sen, Chairman of the Cambodian People's Party and Prime Minister, came to attend the high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China and the world's political parties.
Li Keqiang Meets with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Li Keqiang arrived in Sochi to attend the 16th meeting of prime ministers of member states of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization.
The Twelfth National Congress of the China Association for the Promotion of Democracy opened in Beijing, and Wang Yang delivered a congratulatory speech on behalf of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.
Leaders of political parties from many countries visited the five-year large-scale achievement exhibition in Beijing, affirming the great changes in China and sharing China's development experience.
Difficult to advance, the two sides of the peace talks started a close synchronous meeting
Dear viewers, today's news broadcast program will take about thirty-five minutes.
Next please watch the details.
On December 1st, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee and President Xi Jinping attended the opening ceremony of the High-level Dialogue between the Communist Party of China and World Political Parties in the Great Hall of the People and delivered a speech
Keynote speech entitled "Building a Better World Together"
Xi Jinping stressed that political parties should follow the development trend of the times and grasp the general trend of human progress
We are willing to work with all parties to promote the sincere desire to build a community with a shared future for mankind
Political parties play an important role in the political life of a country and are also an important force to promote the progress of human civilization.
At the end of the year and the end of the year, leaders of nearly 300 political parties and political organizations from all over the world gathered in Beijing to discuss cooperation plans.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the interconnection of human life today is unprecedented, and at the same time, the global problems faced by mankind are also unprecedented.
The future and destiny of the people of all countries in the world are more and more closely linked.
People of all countries in the world should uphold the concept of one world, understand each other, seek common ground while reserving differences
Work together to build a community with a shared future for mankind
I put forward the Belt and Road Initiative to practice the concept of a community with a shared future for mankind.
Xi Jinping emphasized that we must work hard to build a world free from fear and universal security, and adhere to a new security concept of common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable.
We must work hard to build an open and inclusive world that is far from being closed, and adhere to the idea that the world is rich and colorful and civilizations are diverse.
Let all civilizations coexist in harmony.
We must strive to build a clean and beautiful world with beautiful mountains and clear waters, adhere to the concept of coexistence and coexistence between man and nature, and jointly create a harmonious and livable world.
Habitat for Humanity
Establish a new type of political party relationship that seeks common ground while reserving differences, respects each other, and learns from each other.
Build a multi-form and multi-level international political party exchange and cooperation network, and gather powerful forces to build a community with a shared future for mankind.
We must do our own thing well, which in itself is a contribution to building a community with a shared future for mankind.
We also want to create more opportunities for the world by promoting China's development.
We neither import foreign models nor export Chinese models, and we will not ask other countries to copy China's practices.
First
The Communist Party of China will continue to contribute to world peace and tranquility.
China will hold high the banner of peace, development, cooperation and win-win results, unswervingly follow the path of peaceful development, and actively promote the building of global partnerships.
Actively participate in the political settlement process of international hotspot and difficult issues.
No matter how far China has developed, it will never seek hegemony or engage in expansion.
By the middle of this century, China will be built into a prosperous, strong, democratic, civilized, harmonious and beautiful modern socialist country.
This will not only benefit the Chinese people, but also benefit people all over the world.
We call on political parties from all over the world to work with us to create more cooperation opportunities for the world and strive to promote common development and prosperity for all countries in the world.
The Communist Party of China has always emphasized establishing a global perspective, actively learning from the achievements of civilizations created by people from all over the world, and applying them in light of China's reality.
Carry out dialogue, exchanges and cooperation, and support people of all countries in strengthening people-to-people and cultural exchanges and non-governmental friendship.
Institutionalize the high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China and the world's political parties, making it a widely representative and internationally influential
High-end political dialogue platform
Confucius, an ancient Chinese thinker
said
Those who benefit are three friends, friends who are straight, friends who understand, and friends who hear a lot.
The Communist Party of China is willing to make friends all over the world.
For a long time, the Communist Party of China has maintained regular contacts with more than 400 political parties and political organizations in more than 160 countries and regions in the world.
Share the experience of governing the party and the country
enhance each other's strategic
The high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China and the world's political parties focused on building a community with a shared future for mankind and the responsibilities of political parties to jointly build a better world. There were more than 600 Chinese and foreign leaders from nearly 300 political parties and political organizations from more than 12 countries. Delegates attend.
Aung San Suu Kyi, State Counselor of Myanmar, Zheleznyak, Deputy Secretary of the Presidium of the United Russia Party General Committee, Anthony Parker, Treasurer of the Republican National Committee of the United States.
Vice Chairman of the People's Revolutionary Democratic Front of Ethiopia and Deputy Prime Minister Demek delivered speeches at the plenary meeting, speaking highly of Xi Jinping's proposal to build a community with a shared future for mankind
Mutual understanding, mutual support, coordination and cooperation.
Practical cooperation in various fields has made positive progress, and bilateral relations have maintained a sound momentum of healthy and stable development.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the Chinese party and government will, as always, pursue the policy of friendship with Myanmar, and from a strategic and long-term perspective,
Looking at the relationship between the two countries
We are willing to work with Myanmar to firmly grasp the correct direction of the development of China-Myanmar relations and well implement the consensus reached by both sides.
Actively discuss the construction of new cooperation growth points such as the China-Myanmar Economic Corridor, and promote the sound and rapid development of China-Myanmar relations
Xi Jinping said that the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China held in October this year is of great strategic significance to China.
The meeting summarized the work since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
And build a community with a shared future for mankind as the direction of China's diplomatic efforts in the new era.
Myanmar-China relations are of special significance to the Myanmar side, and we have a long history of non-governmental friendship.
There is also close cooperation with mutual trust and mutual respect in recent years. Thanks to General Secretary Xi Jinping for attaching great importance to Myanmar-China relations, we have fully felt the sincere friendship of the Chinese party and government.
Xi Jinping said that Prime Minister Hun Sen is a good friend, an old friend and a true friend of the Chinese Communist Party and the people.
At present, China-Cambodia relations are in the best period in history
The political mutual trust between the two sides has been continuously enhanced, practical cooperation has continued to expand, and people-to-people and cultural exchanges have become increasingly close, bringing tangible benefits to the two peoples.
Next year marks the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia. It is hoped that the two sides will take the opportunity of celebrating the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries to promote the in-depth development of bilateral relations and achieve steady and long-term progress.
Cambodia has always given China firm support
China has always supported Cambodia in pursuing a development path that suits its own national conditions, and supported the Cambodian government
China is willing to work with Cambodia to actively expand strategic cooperation between the two countries and give full play to the political leading role of exchanges between the two parties in bilateral relations.
Expand the breadth and depth of practical cooperation, strengthen cooperation in defense, law enforcement and security, promote people-to-people and cultural exchanges, and strengthen cooperation between the two sides in the United Nations
Coordination and cooperation in multilateral mechanisms such as East Asia cooperation and Lancang-Mekong cooperation, and work together to build an unbreakable China-Cambodia community of shared future.
Made a major political judgment that socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era , pointed out new changes in the principal social contradictions, and clarified
Hun Sen extended warm congratulations to Xi Jinping for winning the support of the entire party and the people and being re-elected as general secretary of the CPC Central Committee.
He spoke highly of China's hosting of the high-level dialogue meeting between the Communist Party of China and the world's political parties
He said that China is a close partner highly trusted and fully trusted by the Cambodian side, and the Cambodian side is satisfied with the Cambodia-China relationship.
Continuously improve their own governance capabilities and levels
Ding Xuexiang, Yang Jiechi and others attended the above-mentioned meeting.
On November 29 local time, Premier Li Keqiang met with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the Kremlin in Moscow.
Li Keqiang first conveyed President Xi Jinping's sincere greetings and best wishes to President Putin.
Li Keqiang expressed that shortly after the closing of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, President Xi Jinping and President Putin successfully met in Da Nang, Vietnam.
Li Keqiang pointed out that the current economic cooperation between the two countries is taking solid steps, cooperation in traditional fields continues to advance, and cooperation in new fields has also made progress.
China is willing to strengthen the connection between the Belt and Road Initiative and the Eurasian Economic Union.
Li Keqiang emphasized that China is willing to strengthen communication and coordination with Russia in international affairs.
Closely cooperate within multilateral frameworks such as the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, and jointly help regional cooperation to seek progress while maintaining stability
Inject constructive force into the peaceful development of the world
Putin welcomes Li Keqiang to Russia to attend the meeting of prime ministers of the member states of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization.
he said
At present, Russia-China trade has a good momentum of growth, and cooperation in energy, transportation infrastructure, agriculture, and local areas has been actively promoted.
The Eurasian Economic Union and the Belt and Road Initiative are complementary.
It is hoped that the two sides will well align their development strategies and better achieve mutual benefit and win-win results.
The two sides also exchanged views on international and regional issues of common concern.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Sochi International Airport in Russia. At the invitation of Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Premier Li Keqiang arrived here at noon on the 30th local time.
Attending the 16th meeting of the Prime Ministers of the member states of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, senior officials of the Russian government and Chinese Ambassador to Russia Li Hui greeted him at the airport.
Li Keqiang said that since the establishment of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization 16 years ago,
It has become an important platform for maintaining regional security and stability and promoting common development and prosperity.
I look forward to gathering with all parties in Sochi, the Pearl of the Black Sea, to jointly sort out the results and tap the potential after the first expansion of the SCO.
on a new starting point
On the afternoon of November 30 local time, Premier Li Keqiang met with Prime Minister Rasulzoda of Tajikistan, Prime Minister Abbasi of Pakistan and Prime Minister Aripov of Uzbekistan at the hotel where he stayed in Sochi.
Rasulzoda expressed that China is welcome to continue to participate in Tajikistan's important projects such as power development, natural gas pipelines, and transportation facilities.
Tajikistan is willing to provide preferential policy support for Chinese enterprises.
When meeting with Abbasi, Li Keqiang expressed that China is willing to uphold a high degree of political sincerity and discuss with Pakistan the construction of a free trade zone
Promote the balanced development of trade between the two countries, and promote the strengthening of cooperation between enterprises of the two countries.
Thanks to the Pakistani side for providing security guarantees for Chinese enterprises and citizens in Pakistan
China is willing to continue to carry out security and defense cooperation with Pakistan and contribute to regional peace and stability.
Li Keqiang pointed out that China welcomes Pakistan to participate in the Prime Minister's Meeting as a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization for the first time, and is willing to continue to work closely with Pakistan in multilateral institutions such as the Shanghai Cooperation Organization.
Communication and coordination in regional affairs
Abbasi said that the current construction of the Pakistan-China Economic Corridor is progressing smoothly.
Pakistan will continue to fully promote the construction of the corridor
When meeting with Aripov, Li Keqiang said that President Xi Jinping held a meeting with President Mirziyoyev, who visited China in May this year.
Uzbekistan is willing to work together with China to strengthen cooperation in transportation facilities, hydropower and other fields, so as to promote the all-round development of bilateral relations and cooperation.
Uzbekistan is willing to strengthen cooperation between the two countries within the framework of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization.
The decisions of the Provisional Regulations shall come into force on the date of promulgation.
According to the deployment of the Party Central Committee and the State Council, the pilot project of replacing business tax with value-added tax was launched in 2012, and it will be fully rolled out on May 1, 2016.
After the full launch of the pilot program of changing business tax to value-added tax
The value-added tax has been levied uniformly in the service industry that originally implemented the business tax, and the business tax that has been implemented for more than 60 years has been substantially abolished .
And delivered a congratulatory speech on behalf of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China
The congratulatory message pointed out that since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, the cause of the party and the country has made historic achievements and undergone historic changes.
The United Front and multi-party cooperation have made important contributions.
In the past five years, the Democratic Progressive Party has upheld the mission of helping the ruling party, fulfilling its responsibilities for the country, and serving the people
Extensive and in-depth research, active advice and suggestions
Make new contributions to the implementation of the strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education, the strategy of strengthening the country with talents, and the strategy of innovation-driven development.
Accurately grasp the requirements of building a socialist political party with Chinese characteristics, and earnestly perform the political consultation functions of participating in and discussing state affairs, democratic supervision, and participation in the leadership of the Communist Party of China.
Promote self-construction to a new level
Zhang Baowen, vice chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress and chairman of the Central Committee of the Democratic League, delivered a congratulatory speech on behalf of the central committees of the democratic parties and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce.
Yan Junqi, executive chairman of the presidium of the conference, delivered a work report on behalf of the 13th Central Committee of the Democratic Progressive Party.
Liu Yandong, You Quan, Xiangba Pingcuo, Zhang Qingli
Reviewed and passed the "Constitution of China Association for the Promotion of Democracy (Amendment)", and elected the 14th Central Committee of the China Association for the Promotion of Democracy.
The People's Daily, which will be published tomorrow by our station, will publish "Unremitting Efforts Towards the Goal of Building a Powerful Cyber Nation, General Secretary Xi Jinping Leads and Promotes the Strategy of a Powerful Cyber Nation".
and the five-year large-scale achievement exhibition
We regard China as the future development direction of the world, especially Marxism-Leninism is not a dogma it is a philosophy that must adapt to the development of the country itself.
This is what the Chinese Communist Party is doing
The 16th National Congress of the Chinese Peasants and Workers Democratic Party closed in Beijing on December 1st. The meeting successfully completed various agenda items and voted to pass the
Resolution of the Sixteenth National Congress of the Chinese Migrant Workers Democratic Party, Resolution on the Report of the Fifteenth Central Committee of the Sixteenth National Congress of the Chinese Migrant Workers Democratic Party.
Strengthen self-construction in an all-round way, and resolutely implement the work arrangements of the 16th National Congress of the Peasants and Workers Party.
With a new mental outlook and a high-spirited attitude of struggle
Write a brilliant chapter worthy of the new era
Reviewed and approved the amendment to the Articles of Association of Jiu San Society and decided to submit it to the Eleventh National Congress of Jiu San Society for deliberation.
Has assisted more than 10,000 tourists to return home safely
As of now, Bali Airport is still temporarily open.
Volcanic ash spewed from Mount Agung began to spread south due to changing wind direction
Affecting Bali Airport and air routes
In order to ensure safety, the crews of various airlines who went to assist the stranded tourists to return to the country were affected by the impact of volcanic ash
As Mount Agung continues to erupt, the local airport may be closed at any time, airlines remind passengers to return home as soon as possible.
The volcano erupted violently in 1963
caused more than a thousand deaths
We cannot predict whether this eruption will be larger than the one in 1963.
However, according to our assessment, the probability of a large-scale eruption remains high.
Since the night of the 29th, there have been 57 Chinese and foreign airline flights to assist Chinese tourists in Bali to return home.
I finally came back, got off the plane, and felt good when I arrived in my own country
It is understood that among the foreign tourists stranded in Bali, Chinese tourists are the most, accounting for about a quarter.
At present, most of the Chinese tourists have returned home.
Tonight, ten more planes will go to assist stranded tourists to return home one after another.
