Last week, the costume drama "Beauty's Private House Cuisine" was temporarily suspended, unexpectedly triggering a heated discussion about the fake ratings of domestic dramas.
 Civil-rights groups have issued travel warnings against Missouri
 Due to Missouri's discriminatory policies and racist attacks, the American Association for the Promotion of Colored People (NAACP) has issued travel warnings to colored people preparing to travel to Missouri.
"Effective August 28,2017 NAACP Missouri travel consultation, because of the recent series of suspicious racial incidents, all African American travelers, tourists and Missouri people in Missouri should pay special attention and take extremely cautious attitude, hereby inform," the group statement declared.
 NAACP Note that a recent Missouri law has made it harder to win discrimination lawsuits, and that state enforcement partly targets minorities, prompting the group to issue travel warnings.
 Violations of civil rights are happening to people.
They were stopped and questioned, beaten or murdered because of their skin color, " Missouri NAACP President Rod Chapel told the Kansas City Star (The Kansas City Star).
"We have received many complaints in an unprecedented number.”
 It was the first such warning the group issued in the US against a state.
 The group cited racial defamation against black students at the University of Missouri and the death of Tony Sanders, a 28-year-old black man in Tennessee.
 Sanders died earlier this year in suspicious circumstances. He ran out of fuel while traveling in Missouri and was detained by the Missouri State Police without a crime charged.
The consultation also noted that a recent report by the Missouri Attorney General's office showed that "black drivers in the state are 75% more likely to be stopped and questioned compared to white people".
 Chapperll said: " This consultation is designed to raise awareness and warn their family, friends and colleagues about what might happen in Missouri.”
"People need to be prepared, whether to carry bail to Missouri or to let relatives know they are traveling within the state".
 According to the latest data from the FBI Hate crime Reporting program, Missouri recorded 100 hate crimes in 2015; the state ranks 16th in the country based on the number of crimes.
 The travel warning is also a response to a new Missouri law that would make it harder to prosecute housing or employment discrimination against businesses.
 After states passed immigration enforcement laws requiring local law enforcement authorities to detain immigration violations. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) said it would increase the number of racial lawsuits and issued travel counseling for Texas and Arizona.
 Travel warnings are usually issued by the U. S. government against other countries, but more recently, advisory groups have taken this approach in response to certain laws and trends within the United States.
 After the "golden age" of box office surge in 2015, the overall film market entered a cooling-off period in 2016, and whether the total box office performance of 44.069 billion yuan last year has become a suspense.
 For both new and second-hand homes, prices cooled in October, rising just 0.6 percent and 1.1 percent, according to the month-on-month.
Lupescu, now the chief technology officer of UEFA, gave a technical report on the Euro 2016 Championship and last season's Champions League.
 The BBC says Beijing is the most exciting city: making foreigners feel "living in a new era"
 Beijing may have a long history of 3,000 years, but it is rapidly becoming a modern city, according to British media.
 The Chinese capital, with its amazingly fast Internet and cutting-edge technologies such as facial recognition software, has invested heavily in artificial intelligence and has unrivaled international energy, and is one of the most exciting cities for exploratory foreigners.
 According to the BBC website on January 16, German expatriate Klemens Cesh said: " If I can succeed there, I will succeed anywhere later."He quotes lyrics from singer Frank Sinatra about New York City.
Sy, creative director at Travelers Archives magazine, said: " If Sinatra lived to this day, he would probably sing about cities like Beijing."Living in the city makes you feel" living in a new age " and always keeping up with trends.
 Simon Norton, who lives in England but recently lived in Beijing, wrote on Corners7Seas: " People generally have a sense of being at the center of something grand, which is hard to explain, but it keeps many foreigners there for a long time. They want to see what it will like and want to witness it.”
The city's quality, high-speed Internet and technology-friendly environment make daily life easier than ever before, the report said.
 Andy PeniFuert, from Manila and currently deputy editor-in-chief at Beijing Children, said: " Beijing is rapidly transforming into a cashless society, with the Internet integrating the features of traditional wallets into smartphones and making it easier for everyone to make many transactions.”
 But smartphones are just the beginning of Beijing's technological ambitions, which facial recognition software is so popular that many use to make bank transfers and payments, get people to apartments and offices, and even to verify the identity of ride-hailing drivers, the report said.
 Beijing also recently announced plans to spend 13.8 billion yuan to build an AI technology park, where more than 400 companies will focus on developing AI technologies ranging from biometry to self-driving cars.
Food is also the core of many major festivals in China over the years. Participating in these celebrations is highly praised by foreigners. The Spring Festival is the most important social and economic festival, and also one of the most easy festivals for foreigners to participate in.
"I suggest helping Chinese friends prepare for the Spring Festival. Cleaning up the apartment is as important as pasting red Spring Festival couplets with New Year greetings on the door. On the New Year's Eve, all family members should have a big meal, and then stay up until midnight to welcome the New Year with loud fireworks. For foreigners, spending the night with friends and family is indeed an opportunity to join in.”
 The number of large and growing foreigners in Beijing, but China's language barrier and the convenience of communication between expatriates are easily an excuse for not being fully integrated into the local culture, the report said.
"Some foreigners have lived for years in China, but they have little experience with their host country. If your initial attempt to reach Chinese is not successful, it is easy to feel easier to get along with other foreigners.
"In these so-called" foreigner bubbles "(" foreigner bubble " means that foreigners only mix among foreigners, without contacting local people and local culture —— notes), foreigners stick together in their communities, eat in western restaurants, and only foreigners among their friends.
The easiest way to overcome this is to learn a little Mandarin —— which is easier than one might imagine.
"An hour or two a week in Chinese private teaching lessons or learning entry-level radio shows should be suitable for everyone's busy schedule.”
 Even a few classic sentences can help with shopping, ordering food in a restaurant or chatting in a taxi.
 Stubborn air pollution is also a fact in daily life, though the government has tried to contain some problems in recent years, the report said.
Residents stress the importance of being outdoors in warm months, when pollution is often light, and using those blue sky days as an opportunity to roam the historic hutongs or explore the popular Ritan Park.
 Norton said: " Beijing is the Chinese city that can find the most things below the surface. You can find great art and music activities, indulgent nightlife, historical wonders, ultra-modern business districts and ancient hutongs.”
 According to the report, aging plays an increasingly obvious obstacle to the growth of human capital, especially in northeast China, where the annual contribution rate of aging to the growth of human capital is-1.28%.
 Pan pointed out that the risks of cross-border capital flows are controllable, and the fundamental factors supporting the balance of international payments still exist for a long time.
 Beijing, December 17 (reporter Gao Kai) The world heritage —— 2016 Chinese ancient painting and calligraphy identification and restoration and protection of the International Summit Forum opened on December 17 in Renmin University of China.
 The European Commission accused Google in April of forcing mobile phone makers to pre-install software such as Google Search and the Chrome browser or not allowing them to use other Google apps.
 The European Commission sees the move as harming consumers and hindering competition.
 Eu regulators initially asked Google to respond by July 27.
 If convicted of antitrust charges, Google faces up to 10 percent of its global revenue, or about $7.4 billion.
 Google did not immediately comment for comment.
 Google also faces an EU investigation for preferring its own shopping services in its search results.
Zhang Yuning's study is solid, it can be said that he realized from the national youth to the national Olympic "jump" is not accidental, and his leap growth range is still surprising.
 One picture: bitcoin's legal status around the world
 Abstract: In addition to the price correction naturally caused by speculative attributes, the current tragic decline of digital currency is also related to the regulatory risk of the "old enemy" ——.
According to the visual map, the eastern countries have a more conservative attitude towards Bitcoin than the West, and the countries occupying the global majority are still watching the legitimacy of the digital currency, which represents the "black swan risk" is still great.
* This article is from Wall Street News (wechat ID: wallstreetcn), editor Wang Mu. For more exciting information, please visit the wallstreetcn.com, or download the Wall Street APP.*
 The price of global digital currencies, led by Bitcoin, fell below $10,000 in the middle of the European Union, the biggest one-day drop in three years.
 In addition to the price correction naturally caused by speculative attributes, the current round of digital currency decline is also related to the regulatory risk of the "old enemy" ——.
 At this important juncture, the visual big data website HowMuch. The net has produced a map of bitcoin's legitimacy and regulated status in countries around the world.
As shown in the figure below, green represents the legal market of Bitcoin; orange represents the neutral market, not publicly legalized, but no major use restrictions; light pink represents the restricted market, namely the local government tries to method the use of digital currency through red line policy or regulation; dark pink represents the country where Bitcoin is defined as illegal; gray is the country that has not yet commented.
(Above is from HowMuch. Net visualization team mapping on January 15)
 The article points out that the distribution of the central green color blocks in the figure shows that the traditional eastern countries have a more conservative attitude towards Bitcoin than that in the West.
 Russia is currently the largest country to define bitcoin illegally, China is one of the largest restricted markets for bitcoin, and India is one of the largest countries to comment on bitcoin and have yet to introduce a policy.
 North America and Western Europe are the most receptive to bitcoin, where green blocks are more concentrated.
 The Middle East and Latin America, with more colors in these regions.
 Among them, Iraq, Iran, Turkey and Brazil are all legal bitcoin markets, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bolivia and other countries restrict their trading and use to a certain extent, and more Latin American countries have not spoken out on bitcoin.
 Based on the data, 99 out of 246 countries (or 40%) impose no restrictions on bitcoin transactions and use, namely green and orange areas.
 Seven countries (or 3%) are restricted markets (pale pink), 10 (or 4%) define bitcoin as illegal (dark pink), and 130 (or 53%) do not have more digital currency information (gray).
 This shows that countries accounting for the global majority (53%, more than half) are still watching the legitimacy of digital currencies led by Bitcoin in China, and also represents that the "black swan risk" of bitcoin is still very large, because some of these countries may eventually make legislative decisions to limit digital currencies.
 The article argues that global regulators have not fully understood the emerging category of digital currency, which may be the main reason why most countries have not yet made a statement.
 Although bitcoin's "popularity" has grown exponentially since last year, it does not mean that there is interest to all countries, and perhaps some countries are worried that local fiat currencies are being threatened, or more concerned that digital currencies are being used by criminal organizations.
 Wall Street stories wrote a detailed summary since last week for the currency of international regulatory news, including China began to hit otc exchange centralized service online platform and mobile App, South Korea is still considering closing digital currency exchange, the European Union that the currency has not been widely accepted and warned investors "to lose money" risk, etc.
 Wall Street journal editor selected read the news | 2018: global central mother open the first year of digital currency? It has been mentioned that 2018 will be the first year of digital currency for global central banks, from the perspective of regulation, acceptance / criticism and adoption.
 Major countries such as Russia have criticized bitcoin's legitimacy to make way for the official issue of a digital currency.
 Madrid, Jan. 8 (Xinhua) - -Barcelona's new signing Coutinho wore his first Barcelona shirt at the Nou Camp on Monday.
 Coutinho passed a Barca medical examination this morning and signed with Barca president Michel Bartomeu on a contract due to expire in the summer of 2023.
 He then appeared as a Barcelona player in front of nearly 7,000 fans at the Nou Camp.
 According to Spanish media, Coutinho's transfer fee could total 160 million euros (7.77 yuan), the most expensive price in the history of the Barcelona club and La Liga.
 With Coutinho still injured, he will have to rest nearly 20 days before making his debut in a Barcelona shirt.
What other sacred thing?
 Now the Trump White House is aiming at the Statue of Liberty
 The most certain sign of regime change is when they begin to attack the statue.
 Americans agree with this as anyone else. So Saddam in Baghdad in 2003? Hussein was carefully pushed over.
 Stefan? Miller (Stephen Miller), one of the key brains of the Trump administration, worked with CNN) Jim? When Jim Acosta (Jim Acosta) argued fiercely over the president's restrictions on legal immigration, he certainly knew what would happen to him with a symbolic axe to the Statue of Liberty.
 To be fair, Miller did not attack the statue itself.
 If he did, then a group of cruise ship owners and liberal followers would surely swallow him alive.
 But he did attack the meaning of the statue, especially in Emma in 1903? The famous poetry of Lazarus was inscribed on the pedestal (when the monument was built in about 17 years).
As Miller scolded Acosta: " I don't want to talk about the whole facts of history here, but the Statue of Liberty is a symbol of America's free light on the world.......
 The poem you refer to, which was added later, is not part of the original Statue of Liberty.”
In fact, Miller is right, but as he himself has said, it's not really about history.
 This involves the modern echo of Lazarus's startling words, the only country seems to invite not only any old immigrant, but also the poorest of the poor: " Your exhaustion, your poverty, or your huddled people eager to breathe freely, / the suffering reject your crowded beach.”
 There is no "rejection" of suffering people in the moment when our screen becomes more dazzling.
 Miller, who has not work in literary criticism, makes it clear that these people would not be welcomed in Trump-era America.
 This conflict over the meaning of the statue is part of a broader political and cultural war: it is actually a conflict with the American spirit.
 Lazarus (Lazarus), and her friends who held events after her death to engrave her verses on the base, know that the actions they are participating in are highly political.
 The purpose of the sculpture is to express the connection between French and American republicanism through the old classic metaphor of the female incarnation of the Statue of Liberty.
 Lazarus changed this meaning: in her poems, the female image is no longer abstract, and she wants to speak out.
 She gave herself a very different name: the mother of exile.
 The combination of the poem with the painting was a successful feminist coup, and was a devastating blow to American nativism.
 Like Lazarus changing the meaning of the statue, the right has always wanted to change it back.
 The great speaker, Rush? Limbaugh (Rush Limbaugh), a baptist for Trump, argued in 2010 that liberalism is not inviting anyone, and that he is now an early neo-conservative, bringing the flame of American wisdom to the ignorant world: " The Statue of Liberty is courageous.
Her original intention was to take the torch of freedom from America to the rest of the world.
 The torch is not the path of illuminating America.”
 Unusually, Limbaugh is actually impressed by something.
 The meaning of a statue depends entirely on the perspective of cognition.
 Lazarus's most imaginative approach is to see it. When tired, poor but hopeful will see it on the ship deck after a long and often terrible journey.
 On the surface, this concerns the perspective of the world for people who seek asylum and have the opportunity to improve their lives.
 Her statue conveys to them and needs the hope and welcome they hear.
 Of course, that's not the point that Miller and Trump once wanted to admit.
 Their torch is not to light the way, but to light the hatred of their only source of power.
In 2006, Sa Dingding joined Universal Records with her unique musical style, becoming the first Chinese to sign a contract with Universal UK headquarters.
 The 2017 World Championships: Neil? Black (Neil Black) praised the Scottish players of the British national team
 Eric? Doyle (Eilidh Doyle) recalled that there were only two Scots on the British national team.
 Neil, executive director of the British Athletics Association? Black said a squad of 16 strong Scots in the World Championship group would "make a great contribution to the national team".
 A record number of Scottish field athletes were selected to compete in the 2017 World Athletics Championships in London, which opened on Friday.
 Black believes that "Scotland is making extraordinary progress" and that British track and field athletes must learn from it.
"We accept and try to understand that, and we will do it until we succeed," Black said.
"I talk to the people at the Scottish Academy of Sport. They think it has something to do with what they do.
 The Scottish track and field athletes believe it has something to do with their actions.
 The British Athletics Association believes it has something to do with their actions.
Even the street people think so.
 Whatever the circumstances, it was extremely brilliant.“
 Several Scottish track and field athletes are medal contenders, including Laura? Muir (Laura Muir) and Andrew? Bchart (Andrew Butchart), they will be at 5,000 meters? Farah (Mo Farah), and Aid? Doyle (Eilidh Doyle) was chosen as the captain of the team.
"Alid is a little modest.
 Her captain's speech was incredible, " Black said.
"Many track and field athletes, whether they are Scottish or not, or whether they live or train, walk out of the door with great pride and energy.
 Alid's passion and affection are very good.”
 The Commonwealth silver medalist, who competed in the 400 m hurdles at his fifth World Championships, said it was "incredible" to have 16 Scots on the British national team.
 Previously, the maximum number of Scottish track and field athletes at the World Series was seven, either in 1983 and 2015.
 Middle-runner Muir is the leader. She has set five British records and two European records in the past year.
 She will compete in the 1500 m and 5000 m events.
 Chris, competing in the 1,500 m event? O'Hare is another Scottish player to watch, after a the season, winning the British Nations qualifier and the Olympic anniversary.
 Doyle recalled her participation in the first World Championship, when the only other Scot on the team was Lee? John McConnell (Lee McConnell).
 The captain said she was proud that so many of her compatriots not only joined the team, but in some cases, would challenge for a medal to reach the final.
"What is special about being captain of the national team is that it is voted on by the rest of the national team. So it's a great honor for me to know that your teammates vote for extremely unusual achievements, " she added.
"Of course, I am very proud of all the Scottish players.
 It just shows how far we went.
 And they are the old track and field athletes here, coming to the purpose of the podium.
 What about my captain's speech?
 Well, I think it is pretty awesome.
 I just referred to the fact that in this case, we are very lucky because we play the world championships at home.
So it really matters that we grow with our home support and our return to the Olympic Stadium.
 I will get a second chance to play the competition, and the atmosphere there will be wonderful.”
In 2016, Huawei had 180,000 employees, and the employee expenses reached 121.8 billion, up 21% year-on-year.
 Block critics on Facebook: If you can't stand voter blame, don't run for office
 Our founding father understands the style of the bad media.
 All the Americans loved Washington, but it was not long before the newspapers began to slam him at everything, from domestic policy to political principles.
 He was annoyed at the criticisms, no doubt.
But he did not silence the critics.
 Because as early as 1783, Washington said, " Freedom of speech is deprived —— we will be slaughtered like a lamb in silence and ignorance.”
 It brings me to think of Maryland Governor Larry Hogan, who needs to learn from Washington.
 Hogan's staff blocked and deleted posts from at least 450 people because they posted their views on his official Facebook page.
The ACLU filed a lawsuit against him earlier this week.
The governor's staff said the lawsuit was hasty, and online reports were filled with fierce resistance: " Who cares?”
 Many people say, " It's just about Facebook.”
 But, that's very important.
 This is especially important because of people like Hogan.
 This was a Republican serving as governor in a democratically dominated state, and he was surprisingly popular.
 He ranked second among the 50 governors in the country.
 Hogan was not a reactionary impatience.
 He took charge of Maryland and strictly followed the rules.
 He is also very adept at using Facebook as the main way of connecting with voters, jokingly showing off his chemotherapy baldness for the first time on his home page.
 So blocking people coming to the governor's homepage is completely unnecessary and ultimately dangerous. This homepage is a public forum, an official management platform advertised by the public staff who pay taxes.
 In an interview with The Washington Post, Hogan spokesman Amelia Shaz defended the governor's actions, saying she thought that blocking their comments was merely trying to give them a little restraint.
 But they describe it as a monster or cynic sweeping the Internet.
 The Washington Post spoke face to face with people blocked by Hogan.
 They are just ordinary people talking to their chosen leaders: they are teachers, small business owners and priests, not just monsters.
 They said their comments were deep, respectful and not dirty.
 The priest quoted the Bible in his post, called on Hogan to remember his Catholic faith.
 Baowie, Maryland, was not cynical, but she asked questions about hate crimes.
She wrote in the Washington Post News Story Review section, " I have politely commented that I was disappointed that he did not respond to hate crimes and other recent news events.
 I also don't like a group of people commenting on the same topic, because these people are directly ignored by someone as a herd mentality rather than a group of citizens worried about their country and people.”
 What the governor's staff called "intensive junk bombing" could be "persistent claims" by others.
 The Facebook era makes it easy to change a message, just blocking a critic or deleting a negative comment.
 And it was much cleaner than before, and to do the same before it required sending staff out to collect and burn newspapers with critical comments or to arrest or silence protesters.
 But that's what's happening right now, just on a digital level.
 Hogan is not the first public official to be blamed for silencing others on Facebook and other social media.
 President Trump is being sued by Twitter users for blocking them on Twitter.
 A landmark ruling in Virginia last week was made on such issues.
 The chairman of the Loudoun County Oversight Commission for blocking voters from her Facebook page, District Judge James C. Katis of Alexandria violates the First Amendment.
 Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin (R) has also been patronized by the American Civil Liberties Union for his use of Facebook and Twitter.
 It shouldn't be so difficult.
 In the Washington era, affordable postage had a similar influence to the Internet.
 The number of news newspapers quadrupled between 1776 and 1800, and anonymous letters were fiercely critical of his leadership.
 And even at that time, Washington had anonymous floods against him.
 Yerica, Valelius, Belisarius, and Porius were used to write to newspapers severely criticizing Washington's decisions.
 According to historical documents collected by the George Washington Newspaper Online project, his office was flooded with petitions, both criticizing his attitude in the Treaty of Friendship, Trade and Navigation between His Majesty the King of England and the United States of America.
 But he did not silence them.
 Freedom of speech, political disagreement and freedom of speech are the foundations of this country.
 And true leaders need to accept that.
 The property market a trace of the wind and grass are affecting people's sensitive nerves.
Purchase restriction is a hard bar for the real estate regulation policies in many cities.
 In May 2017, Jinan issued a regulation that undergraduates pay social security for half a year and can enjoy the same purchase policy for local permanent residents;
In June, Wuhan issued a policy requiring college students to settle down within three years with their graduation certificates and employment permits.
 Then the policy increased, the official said, "college students can buy houses 20 percent below the market price";
 In July, Chengdu issued a regulation that young talents with a bachelor's degree or above from other universities can apply for hukou in Chengdu with their graduation certificates.
 In addition, kunshan, Shanghai Lingang and other cities or regions have also introduced the "talent introduction" related policies, to lower the threshold for talents to settle down.
 Zhang Hongwei believes that this is actually the competition for population, especially talents. Only by retaining population, especially talents, can the cities be competitive, which is the most important significance of these real estate policies.
 Some people even think that this means that the time to cancel the housing market "purchase restrictions" has come.
Director Yee said on the same day that the shooting plan for a long time, the first adaptation of the script was in 1999, and even ready to find Takeshi Kaneshiro to play Yan Shisan.
 Ronan Rafferty looks forward to enjoying going home at the Renaissance Club
 The East Lothian Renaissance Club hosts the 25th Scottish Evergreen Open, and former European champion Ronan Rafferty will enjoy going home over the next three days.
 The Northern Irishman led next door Archerfield Links to the final last year before losing to Paul Els. He now works for the new venue, representing the club's founder and CEO Jerry Salwati as the tournament ambassador.
 Rafferty said: " I saw the formation of the Renaissance Club, and we will see its glory through this competition.
 The athletes will see the best look and the best state of the stadium.
 Jerry started the place unparalleled.
He is a keen supporter of the competition, and he is very proud of his achievements here.
 This is the best stage to show the pitch.”
 England Ils is looking to defend his title for the first time, although in a 32-year career he has won both the European Tour and the European Challenge Tour.
 The Southsport athlete said: " It's very special.
I did not defend the Extremadura Open because the game was cancelled in the second year of my win.
 It feels amazing to be coming to this place,
 Golf is very wonderful here.
Memories of last year emerged, and for me and my wife, Sharon, last year's victory had a special meaning for us.
 That was really a special memory, which we will always remember.”
 Returning to his native race was Garry Orr, who just turned 50 earlier this year and then played on the European Evergreen Tour.
This was his first Scottish appearance since the 2013 Scottish Open.
 Helensburg Orr said: " There's more to go home,
 You want to do well; but you can feel that extra pressure.
I really enjoyed being able to play again. I have been playing golf.
 I am very satisfied with the current situation.”
 Joining the trio were former Masters winners Ian Woosnan and evergreen champions Paul Broadhurst, Roger Chapman, Mark James and Mark? McNeurty.
 Orr, and former Ryder Cup captain Sam Torrance, are two of the other four, including Andrew Odecorn, Stephen McAllister, Bill Langmiu and Ross Drummond.
 Admission is free and parking costs £5 per vehicle carrying one passenger and £10 per vehicle carrying two or more passengers.
 All the fees were donated to the prostate cancer charity Prostate Cancer UK.
 A total of 57 cases of daily penalties were imposed across the country in August, and the revised Environmental Protection Law implemented earlier this year has significantly increased China's environmental enforcement, Zou Shoumin, director of the Environmental supervision bureau of the Ministry of Environmental Protection, said in Beijing on Monday.
 At present, environmental protection authorities in China can use daily continuous punishment, seizure and detention, production restriction and administrative detention to investigate and punish environmental violations, and cooperate with judicial organs to punish environmental crimes.
 Zou Shoumin introduced that in August, 335 cases of seizure and seizure, 177 cases of production restriction and production suspension, 189 cases of administrative detention and 166 cases of suspected environmental pollution crimes were transferred.
 Among them, Henan has implemented 7 consecutive daily penalties. At present, China is embedding from the terminal control to the whole process, and comprehensively strengthening environmental pollution control.
 Despite the downward pressure on the economy, the Ministry of Environmental Protection has made it clear that China should correctly handle the position of environmental protection in economic development and strengthen its "green focus". The more economic growth slows, the less it can relax environmental protection and give full play to the role of environmental protection in optimizing the economy.
 There is no highest, only higher, and Kweichow Moutai's share price is not stopped on the road to a new high.
 On January 9, the stock price of Kweichow Moutai, the "king of A shares", hit A record high again, closing at 782.52 yuan, with A total market value of 983 billion yuan, just one step away from the market value of one trillion yuan.
 The guidance price of 1,499 yuan is up 200 yuan from the previous retail price of 1,299 yuan.
 On December 28,2017, Kweichow Moutai announced that it had, after research, decided to appropriately raise the price of Moutai products since 2018, with an average increase of about 18%.
 The price increase boosted the stock price of Kweichow Moutai, with the stock price rising 95 yuan, or more than 14 percent, in the eight trading days since the Beijing Morning Post announcement.
 Statistics show that the GDP of Guizhou province in the first and third quarters of 2017 was 950 billion yuan, and Moutai's market value is far behind Guizhou province's GDP in the first three quarters of last year.
 Driven by Moutai, listed liquor companies have started to raise prices and control the pace of goods, and enjoy the dividends brought by consumption upgrading.
 Since 2017, the stock prices of most listed liquor companies have continued to soar, with Swellfun, Wuliangye, Shanxi Fenjiu and Kweichow Moutai more than doubling.
 After entering Microsoft's real-time dialogue translation mode, the screen is divided into two equal parts, and the two users can choose their own language, respectively.
 On the morning of December 21, Kvitova completed the operation, and doctors repaired all the tendons and two nerves of her five fingers.
 High-level foreign talents with Chinese green cards can enjoy "national treatment" when they establish science and technology enterprises.
 Among the "20 measures, the first is to" support high-level foreign talents with permanent residence identity cards to establish science and technology enterprises ".
 China's GDP grew 6.9 percent in the first three quarters of 2017,0.2 percentage points faster than the same period last year, according to the National Bureau of Statistics. In the first quarter, the second quarter and the third quarter, it grew by 6.9%, 6.9% and 6.8% respectively, operating in the range of 6.7-6.9% for nine consecutive quarters, maintaining a medium-high growth rate.
On December 20, Beijing time, Azarenka announced through social media that she had given birth to a son and become a mother.
 Russian media said Putin will have a new domestic car: 15 percent cheaper than Mercedes
 Russian Industry and Trade Minister Manturov said that the unit price of President Putin's "motorcade" starts from 6 to 7 million rubles.
 The budget target is to keep prices 15% lower than the Mercedes-Benz S-Class car.
 The ——, the Russian National Automotive Engineering Research Institute (NAMI), will deliver 16 vehicles to the Federal Guard Service in late February and early March.
 According to the report, the "fleet" project calls for a unified module platform to build three —— extended cars, three-box cars and small buses for the country's top car players. The budget allocation for the project is 12.4 billion rubles.
 News of the first home-built extended car for the Soviet Union came about five years ago, the report said. According to the company's plan, the new car will have an 800 horsepower engine and armor and weigh 6 tons.
 It is reported that the engineering and technical team of the Porsche company of Germany is involved in the development of the power plant.
According to TASS on January 16, Manturov told reporters that the "fleet" series of cars will be foreign retail from 2019, all kinds of models can be bought.
 The minister said: " From next year, all interested people will be able to order it, be it bulletproof or luxury, without any sales restrictions.”
Russia's Ministry of Industry and Trade plans to increase the annual production of its "fleet" series of cars to more than 1,000 units after 2020.
Manturov said: " We have 18 cars at full capacity, this year over 70, next year 200 and 300 or more.”
(Compilation / He Yingjun)
Good evening, everyone to the audience
 Today is December 1, the 14th of the lunar month. Welcome to the news broadcast
 First, I will introduce the main content of today's program for you.
Xi Jinping attended the opening ceremony of the CPC High-level Dialogue with World Political Parties and delivered a keynote speech. Wang Huning attended the first plenary meeting of the Dialogue.
 Xi Jinping met respectively
 Myanmar State Counsellor Aung SAN Suu Kyi and Prime Minister Hun Sen, president of the Cambodian People's Party, attended the Dialogue between the CPC and World Political Parties.
 Premier Li Keqiang met with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
 Premier Li Keqiang arrived in Sochi to attend the 16th meeting of the prime ministers of the SCO member states.
 Wang Yang delivered a congratulatory speech on the opening of the 12th National Congress of the China Association for the Promotion of Democracy on behalf of the Central Committee of the CPC.
Leaders of political parties from many countries visited a large-scale achievement exhibition in Beijing, affirming China's great changes and sharing China's development experience.
 Difficult progress, the two sides opened a close synchronous meeting
 Audience, today's news broadcast takes about 35 minutes.
Please tune in to the details next.
President Xi Jinping, General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee and Chinese President Xi Jinping, attended the opening ceremony of the CPC High-level Dialogue with World Political Parties at the Great Hall of the People on December 1st and delivered the ceremony
Keynote speech titled "Building a Better World Together"
Xi stressed that political parties should follow the trend of The Times and grasp the general trend of human progress
 Is ready to work with all parties to build a community with a shared future for mankind
 Political parties play an important role in the country's political life and are also an important force in promoting the progress of human civilization.
 At the end of the year, leaders from nearly 300 political parties and organizations from around the world gathered in Beijing to discuss major cooperation plans.
 Xi pointed out that human life is unprecedented today, and the global problems facing mankind are also unprecedented.
The future and destiny of the people of all countries in the world are becoming more closely linked.
People in all countries should uphold the concept of one family, understand each other and seek common ground while shelving differences
 We will work together to build a community with a shared future for mankind
 I proposed the Belt and Road initiative to implement the vision of building a community with a shared future for mankind.
 Xi stressed that we should strive to build a world that is safe and safe from fear, and adhere to a new security concept of common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainability.
 We should strive to build an open and inclusive world far from isolation, and uphold the concept that the world is colorful and civilizations are diverse.
Let all kinds of civilizations coexist in harmony.
We should strive to build a clean and beautiful world with beautiful mountains and rivers, adhere to the concept of coexistence between man and nature, and work together to create a harmonious and livable world
 Human home
 Establish a new type of political party relationship featuring seeking common ground while shelving differences, mutual respect and mutual learning.
 We will build a network of international exchanges and cooperation among political parties in various forms and at various levels, and pool a powerful force to build a community with a shared future for mankind.
 We should do our own thing well, which is in itself our contribution to building a community with a shared future for mankind.
 We also need to create more opportunities for the world by promoting China's development.
We will not import the foreign model, nor export the Chinese model. We will not require other countries to copy China's practices.
first
 The CPC will, as always, contribute to world peace and tranquility.
 China will hold high the banner of peace, development, cooperation and win-win results, unswervingly follow the path of peaceful development, and actively promote global partnership.
 We will actively participate in the political settlement process of international hot and difficult issues.
 No matter how far China goes, it will never seek hegemony or expansion.
 By the middle of this century, China will build itself into a great modern socialist country that is prosperous, strong, democratic, culturally advanced, harmonious, and beautiful.
 This will benefit the Chinese people and the people of the world.
 We urge the political parties of all countries to join us to create more opportunities for cooperation with the world and promote the common development and prosperity of all countries.
 The Communist Party of China has always emphasized the establishment of a global vision, actively learning from the achievements of civilization created by people from all over the world, and applying them in the light of China's actual conditions.
We will carry out dialogue, exchanges and cooperation, and support the people of all countries in strengthening people-to-people exchanges and people-to-people friendship.
We will institutionalize the CPC and the World High-level Dialogue to make it widely representative and of international influence
High-end political dialogue platform
Confucius, an ancient Chinese thinker
 Said
 Benefit the three friends, friends straight, friends forgive, friends hear more.
 The Communist Party of China is willing to make more friends around the world.
Over the years, the CPC has maintained regular contacts with more than 400 political parties and political organizations in more than 160 countries and regions.
Share our experience in governing the Party and governing the country
 Enhance each other's strategic nature
 The theme of the CPC in Dialogue with World Political Parties is the responsibility of building a community with a shared future for mankind and jointly building a better world. More than 600 Chinese and foreign representatives from nearly 300 political parties and political organizations from more than 12 countries attended the meeting.
Aung San Suu Kyi, deputy secretary of the Presidium of the General Committee of the United Russia Party of Russia, and Anthony Parker of the Republican National Committee of the United States.
 Vice President of the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front and Deputy Prime Minister Demek addressed the plenary meeting, speaking highly of Xi's proposal on building a community with a shared future for mankind
 Mutual understanding, mutual support and coordination.
Positive progress has been made in practical cooperation in various fields, and bilateral relations have maintained a sound momentum of sound and stable development.
Xi pointed out that the Chinese Party and government will, as always, adhere to the principle of friendship with Myanmar from a strategic and long-term perspective
 View bilateral relations
We are ready to work with Myanmar to firmly follow the right direction of China-Myanmar relations and fully implement the consensus reached by the two sides.
 We will actively explore the development of new growth areas of cooperation such as the China-Myanmar Economic Corridor to promote the sound and rapid development of China-Myanmar relations
 Xi said the 19th CPC National Congress held in October is of great strategic significance to China.
 The congress summarized the work since the 18th CPC National Congress.
 China will also make building a community with a shared future for mankind the direction of China's diplomatic efforts in the new era.
 Myanmar-China relations are of special significance to Myanmar. We have a time-honored history of friendship between people-to-people.
 There have also been close cooperation on mutual trust and respect in recent years. We thank General Secretary Xi Jinping for his great importance to Myanmar-China relations. We have fully felt the sincere and friendly friendship of the Chinese Party and government.
Xi said that Prime Minister Hun Sen is a good friend, old friend and true friend of the Chinese Party and the people.
 At present, China-Cambodia relations are at their best time in history
 The growing political mutual trust, expanding cooperation in practical areas and closer people-to-people exchanges have brought tangible benefits to the two peoples.
Next year will mark the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties between China and Cambodia. We hope that the two sides will take the opportunity of celebrating the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties to promote in-depth, steady and long-term development of bilateral relations.
The Cambodian side has always given firm support to China
 China always supports Cambodia in taking a development path that suits its national conditions and supports the Cambodian government
China is ready to work with Cambodia to actively expand bilateral strategic cooperation and give full play to the political leading role of the exchanges between the two parties in bilateral relations.
 We will expand the breadth and depth of practical cooperation, strengthen cooperation in defense, law enforcement and security, promote people-to-people exchanges, and strengthen our presence at the United Nations
Coordination and cooperation in multilateral mechanisms such as East Asia cooperation and Lancang-Mekong Cooperation to build an unbreakable China-Cambodia community with a shared future.
 We have made a major political judgment that socialism with Chinese characteristics has entered a new era, and pointed out the new changes in the principal contradiction facing society
Hun Sen extended warm congratulations to Xi on winning the support of the whole Party and the whole people and his re-election as General Secretary of the CPC Central Committee.
 He spoke highly of China's hosting of the CPC High-level Dialogue between China and World Political Parties
He said that China is a highly trusted and fully trusted close partner of Cambodia and Cambodia is satisfied with Cambodia-China relations.
 Constantly improve their own governance ability and level
 Ding Xuexiang, Yang Jiechi and other officials attended the above meeting.
 Chinese Premier Li Keqiang met with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the Kremlin in Moscow on November 29, local time.
 Li first conveyed the sincere greetings and best wishes from President Xi Jinping to President Putin.
 Li said that shortly after the closing of the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, President Xi Jinping and President Vladimir Putin met successfully in Da Nang, Vietnam.
 Li pointed out that the two countries are taking solid steps in economic cooperation, with continuous progress in traditional fields and progress in cooperation in new areas.
 China is ready to strengthen the synergy between the Belt and Road initiative and the Eurasian Economic Union.
Li stressed that China is willing to strengthen communication and coordination with Russia in international affairs.
We will maintain closer cooperation within multilateral frameworks such as the Shanghai Cooperation Organization to help regional cooperation make progress in maintaining stability
 Inject constructive force into world peace and development
Putin welcomed Li Keqiang to attend the meeting of Prime Ministers of the SCO member states.
 He said
 At present, Russia-China trade enjoys a sound momentum of growth, and cooperation in energy, transportation infrastructure, agriculture and local governments has been actively promoted.
 The Eurasian Economic Union and the Belt and Road initiative are complementary.
 We hope that the two sides will properly align their development strategies and better achieve mutual benefit and win-win results.
 The two sides also exchanged views on international and regional issues of of common interest.
 Here is the Sochi International Airport in Russia. At the invitation of Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang arrived here at noon on the 30th local time.
At the 16th meeting of prime Ministers of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization member states, senior Russian government officials and Chinese Ambassador to Russia Li Hui greeted them at the airport.
 Li said the SCO was founded 16 years ago
 It has become an important platform for maintaining regional security and stability and promoting common development and prosperity.
I look forward to gathering with all parties in Sochi, the pearl of the Black Sea, to jointly review the achievements and tap the potential after the first expansion of the SCO.
 At a new starting point
 On the afternoon of November 30 local time, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang met with Tajik Prime Minister Rasurzoda, Pakistani Prime Minister Abbasi and Uzbek Prime Minister Ali Aripov at the hotel where he stayed in Sochi.
 Rasurzoda said he welcomes China's continued participation in important projects such as Tajikistan electric power development, natural gas pipelines and transportation facilities.
Tajikistan is willing to provide preferential policy support to Chinese enterprises.
 When meeting with Abbasi, Li said China is willing to discuss the construction of a free trade zone with Pakistan with high political sincerity
We will promote the balanced development of bilateral trade and promote greater cooperation between enterprises of the two countries.
 We thanked Pakistan for its security guarantee to Chinese enterprises and citizens in Pakistan
China is ready to continue to carry out security and defense cooperation with Pakistan and contribute to regional peace and stability.
Li pointed out that China welcomes Pakistan to attend the Prime Ministers' Meeting as a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization and is ready to continue to work closely with Pakistan in the SCO and other multilateral institutions
 Communication and coordination with regional affairs
Abbasi said that the construction of the Pakistan-China Economic Corridor is progressing smoothly.
 Pakistan will continue to push ahead with the construction of the corridor
 During the meeting with Aripov, Li said that President Xi Jinping held a meeting with President Mirziyoyev, who visited China in May this year.
 Uzbekistan is ready to work with China to strengthen cooperation in transportation facilities, hydropower and promote the all-round development of bilateral relations and cooperation.
 Uzbekistan is ready to strengthen bilateral cooperation within the SCO framework.
 The decision on the Provisional Regulations shall come into force as of the date of its promulgation.
In accordance with the arrangements of the CPC Central Committee and The State Council, a pilot project to replace business tax with value-added tax was launched in 2012, and was fully launched on May 1,2016.
 After the trial of replacing business tax with VAT was launched across the board
The VAT has been levied in the service sector, but it has essentially abolished the business tax that has been implemented for more than 60 years.
 And on behalf of the Central Committee of the CPC congratulatory
 The speech pointed out that since the 18th CPC National Congress, historic achievements and changes have been made in the cause of the Party and the country.
The United front and multi-party cooperation have made important contributions.
Over the past five years, the DPP has upheld the mission of helping the ruling party, being responsible for the country and serving the people
 Extensive and in-depth research, and active suggestions and suggestions
 Make new contributions to the implementation of the strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education, the strategy of reinvigorating China through human resources, and the strategy of innovation-driven development.
We should accurately grasp the requirements of building a socialist participating political party with Chinese characteristics, and earnestly perform our functions of participating in the deliberation and administration of state affairs, exercising democratic supervision, and participating in the political consultation under the leadership of the CPC.
 We will take our self-development to a new level
 Zhang Baowen, vice chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress and chairman of the Central Committee of the Democratic League, delivered a congratulatory speech on behalf of the central committees of the democratic parties and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce.
Yan Junqi, standing chairman of the presidium of the congress, delivered a work report on behalf of the 13th Central Committee of the DPP.
 Liu Yandong, You Quan, Xiang Ba Pingcuo, Zhang Qingli
 We deliberated and adopted the Constitution of the China Association for the Promotion of Democracy (Amendment), and elected the 14th Central Committee of the China Association for the Promotion of Democracy.
The People's Daily will publish a review of the strategy of General Secretary Xi Jinping in building the goal of building a cyber power.
 And the five-year large-scale achievement exhibition
We regard China as the future development direction of the world, especially since Marxism-Leninism is not a dogma. It is a philosophy that must adapt to the development of the country itself.
This is what the Chinese Communist Party is doing
 The 16th National Congress of the Chinese Agricultural and Workers' Democratic Party concluded in Beijing on December 1st, successfully completing the agenda and voted through
 Resolution of the 16th National Congress of the Chinese Migrant Democratic Party, the 16th National Congress of the Chinese Migrant Democratic Party, resolution on the report of the 15th Central Committee.
We will comprehensively strengthen self-improvement and resolutely implement all the work arrangements for the 16th National Congress of the Peasant and Labor Party.
With a brand-new spirit and a high attitude of struggle
 Write a brilliant chapter worthy of the new era
Deliberated and adopted the amendments to the articles of association of the Jiusan Society and decided to submit them to the 11th National Congress of the Jiusan Society for deliberation.
 It has assisted more than 10,000 tourists to return home safely
So far, the Bali airport is still temporarily open.
As the wind direction changed, the ash from Mount Argonne began to spread southward
It affects the Bali airport and the air route
 To ensure safety, airlines to assist stranded tourists back to the impact on the ash
As Argonne continues to erupt and the local airport could close at any time, airlines remind passengers to return home as soon as possible.
The volcano erupted violently in 1963
 It has killed more than a thousand people
 We cannot predict whether the eruption will be larger than that in 1963.
 But by our assessment, the probability of a large eruption remains high.
Since the evening of the 29th, 57 Chinese and foreign airlines have been flown to assist Chinese tourists back to Bali.
 Finally came back, got off the plane, to their own country's mood is good
 Chinese tourists, accounting for about a quarter.
 Most of the Chinese tourists have now returned home.
Tonight, ten more planes will arrive to help the stranded tourists return home.
