Last week, the costume drama "Beauty Private Kitchen" was temporarily suspended, which unexpectedly triggered a heated discussion about the ratings fraud of domestic dramas.
Civil rights groups issued travel warnings against Missouri.
Due to the discriminatory policies and racist attacks in Missouri, the American Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) issued a travel warning to colored people who are going to travel to Missouri.
"The NAACP Missouri Travel Consultation, which came into effect on August 28, 2017, appealed that all African-American travelers, tourists and Missouri people should pay special attention and take extremely cautious attitude when traveling in Missouri due to a series of suspicious racial incidents in Missouri recently," the group's statement declared.
NAACP pointed out that a recent Missouri law made it more difficult for people to win discrimination lawsuits, and the state's law enforcement also targeted at minority groups to some extent, which prompted the organization to issue travel warnings.
Violations of civil rights are happening to people.
They were stopped for questioning, beaten or killed because of their skin color, "Rod Chapel, chairman of Missouri NAACP, told The Kansas City Star.
"We have received many complaints in an unprecedented number."
This is the first such warning issued by the organization for a state in the United States.
The organization cited the racial defamation of black students by the University of Missouri and the death of Tory Sanders, a 28-year-old black Tennessee man.
Earlier this year, Saunders died under suspicious circumstances. He ran out of fuel while traveling in Missouri and was detained by Missouri police without charge.
The consultation also pointed out that a recent report by the Missouri Attorney General's Office showed that "compared with whites, black drivers in the state are 75% more likely to be stopped".
Chapel said: "The consultation is to raise people's awareness and warn their families, friends and colleagues of what may happen in Missouri."
People need to be prepared, whether they are going to Missouri with bail or letting their relatives know that they are traveling in the state.
According to the latest data from the hate crime reporting program of the FBI, Missouri recorded 100 hate crimes in 2015; According to the number of crimes, the state ranks 16th in the country.
Travel warnings are also a response to Missouri's new law, which will make it more difficult to sue companies that discriminate against housing or employment.
Earlier, American states passed immigration enforcement laws, requiring local law enforcement agencies to detain immigration offenders. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) said that this move would increase the number of racial lawsuits and issued travel advisories for Texas and Arizona.
Travel warnings are usually issued by the U.S. government for other countries, but recently, advisory groups have adopted this approach to deal with certain laws and trends in the United States.
After experiencing the "golden age" of box office surge in 2015, the overall film market entered a cooling-off period in 2016, and whether it can break through the total box office score of 44.069 billion yuan last year has become a suspense.
According to the data released by the National Bureau of Statistics, in October, the prices of new houses and second-hand houses in Beijing both cooled down, up only 0.6% and 1.1% from the previous month.
Lupescu, the current chief technical officer of UEFA, gave a technical report on the 2016 European Championship and last season's Champions League at this conference.
BBC calls Beijing the most exciting city: it makes foreigners feel "living in a new era".
The reference news network reported on January 18 that British media said that Beijing may have a long history of 3,000 years, but it is also rapidly transforming into today's modern charming city.
The capital of China is one of the most exciting cities for foreigners who are full of exploration spirit, with the amazing speed of Internet, cutting-edge technologies such as face recognition software, huge investment in artificial intelligence and unparalleled international energy.
According to a report on the BBC website on January 16th, Clemens Sethi, a German national, said, "If I can succeed there, I can succeed anywhere in the future." He quoted the singer Frank sinatra's lyrics praising new york City.
Sethi, the creative director of Traveler's Archives magazine, said: "If sinatra were alive today, he would probably sing about a city like Beijing." He said that living in this city will make you feel "living in a new era" and always keep up with the trend.
Simon Norton, whose hometown is in England, but recently lives in Beijing, said in an article on his personal blog site 4Corners7Seas: "People generally have a feeling of being at the center of something grand, which is hard to say clearly, but it keeps many foreigners there for a long time. They want to see what it will become and hope to witness it with their own eyes. "
According to the report, the city's high-quality and high-speed Internet and technology-friendly environment make daily life easier than ever.
Andy Peñ a Fuerte, from Manila, who is currently the deputy editor-in-chief of Beijing Children's website, said: "Beijing is rapidly transforming into a cashless society. The Internet integrates the functions of traditional wallets into smart phones, making it easier for everyone to make many transactions."
According to the report, however, smart phones are only the beginning of Beijing's technological ambition, and facial recognition software has become very popular. Many mobile phone applications use this technology to make bank transfers and payments, let people enter apartments and offices, and even use it to verify the identity of online car drivers.
Beijing also recently announced plans to spend 13.8 billion yuan to build an artificial intelligence science and technology park. After completion, more than 400 enterprises will settle there, and they will focus on developing various artificial intelligence technologies from biometrics to self-driving cars.
Food is also the core of many major festivals in China over the years. Participating in these celebrations is highly respected by foreigners. The Spring Festival is the most important social and economic festival, and it is also one of the easiest festivals for foreigners to participate in.
Sethi said: "I suggest that it is as important to help China friends prepare for the Chinese New Year. Cleaning the apartment is as important as putting up red Spring Festival couplets with New Year greetings on their homes. On New Year's Eve, all family members should gather together to have a big meal, and then stay up until midnight to welcome the New Year with gorgeous and loud fireworks. For foreigners, spending the night with friends and family is indeed an opportunity to integrate. "
According to the report, the number of foreigners in Beijing is large and growing, but the language barrier in China and the convenience of communication between expatriates can easily become an excuse for them not to fully integrate into the local culture.
Sethi said: "Some foreigners have lived in China for many years, but they have little experience with their host country. If your initial attempt to get in touch with China people is not successful, it is easy for you to feel that it is easier to get along with other foreigners.
In these so-called "foreigners' bubbles" ("foreigners' bubbles" means that foreigners only mix among foreigners, but not contact with local people and local culture), foreigners gather in their own communities, eat in western restaurants, and only foreigners are among their friends.
The easiest way to overcome this is to learn a little Mandarin-which is easier than people may think.
Sethi said: "One or two hours of private Chinese lessons or learning entry-level radio dramas every week should suit everyone's busy schedule."
Even learning a few classic short sentences will be helpful for shopping, ordering food in restaurants or chatting in taxis.
According to the report, stubborn air pollution is also a fact in daily life, but in recent years the government has made efforts to curb some problems.
Residents stressed that it is very important to go outdoors in warm months when pollution is usually light, and they should take those blue sky days as opportunities to wander in historic hutongs or explore the popular ritan park.
Norton said: "Beijing is the city of China where you can find the most things below the surface. You can find great art and music activities, indulgent nightlife, historical wonders, ultra-modern business districts and ancient hutongs."
According to the report, aging has increasingly hindered the growth of human capital, especially in Northeast China, and the average annual contribution rate of aging to human capital growth is -1.28%.
Pan Gongsheng pointed out that the risk of cross-border capital flow is controllable at present, and the fundamental factors supporting the balance of payments still exist for a long time.
BEIJING, Beijing, December 17 (Reporter Gao Kai) The world is bright with heritage-2016 China International Summit Forum on Appraisal, Restoration and Protection of Ancient Paintings and Calligraphy opened at Renmin University of China on December 17.
In April this year, the European Commission accused Google of forcing mobile phone manufacturers to pre-install software such as Google search and Chrome browser, otherwise they would not be allowed to use other Google applications.
The European Commission believes that this move is detrimental to the interests of consumers and hinders competition.
EU regulators initially asked Google to respond before July 27th.
If convicted of antitrust crimes, Google faces a maximum fine of 10% of its global revenue, which is about $7.4 billion.
Google has not immediately commented on this.
Google also faces an EU investigation for favoring its own shopping service in search results.
Zhang Yuning's study abroad is solid. It can be said that it is no accident that he achieved the "advanced placement" from the national youth to the Olympic Games, but the extent of his rapid growth is still surprising.
Understand a picture: the legal status of Bitcoin around the world.
Abstract: In addition to the price correction naturally caused by speculative nature, the current round of digital currency's tragic decline is also related to the "old enemy"-regulatory risk.
From the visual map, the attitude of eastern countries towards Bitcoin is more conservative than that of the west, and the countries that are the main players in the world are still waiting to see the legitimacy of digital currency, which means that the "black swan risk" is still very high.
* This article is from Wall Street (WeChat ID: wallstreetcn), edited by Wang Mu. For more exciting information, please visit wallstreetcn.com or download the Wall Street Insight APP. *
With the frequent regulatory storms in major bitcoin markets such as China, South Korea and the European Union, the global digital currency, led by Bitcoin, has been bloodbath this week, and the price of Bitcoin has fallen below the psychological integer of $10,000 since Tuesday, the biggest one-day drop in three years.
In addition to the natural price correction caused by speculative nature, this round of digital currency's tragic decline is also related to the "old enemy"-regulatory risk.
At this important juncture, HowMuch.net, a visual big data website, produced a map to show the legal status and regulatory level of Bitcoin in countries around the world.
As shown in the figure below, green represents the legal market of Bitcoin; Orange represents a neutral market. Although the status of Bitcoin has not been publicly legalized, there are no major restrictions on its use. Pale pink represents a restricted market, that is, the local government tries to use digital currency through red line policy or supervision; Dark pink represents a country where Bitcoin is defined as illegal; Gray is the country that has not commented yet.
(The above picture is drawn by the visualization team in HowMuch.Net on January 15th.)
The article points out that from the distribution of non-green color blocks in the picture, it can be seen that the attitude of eastern countries in the traditional sense is more conservative than that of the west.
Russian is the biggest country that defines Bitcoin as illegal at present, China is one of the biggest restricted markets of Bitcoin, and Indian is one of the biggest countries that have not commented on Bitcoin and issued relevant policies.
North America and Western Europe have the highest acceptance of Bitcoin, that is, the distribution of green blocks is more concentrated.
The views of countries in the Middle East and Latin America on Bitcoin are obviously divided, and the distribution of color blocks in these areas is more mixed.
Among them, Iraq, Iran, Turkey and Brazil are all legal bitcoin markets. Afghanistan, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Bolivia have certain restrictions on their trading and use, and more Latin American countries have not spoken about Bitcoin.
Based on the above data, it can be seen that among the 246 countries in the world, 99 countries (or 40%) do not impose restrictions on the trading and use of Bitcoin, that is, green and orange areas.
Seven countries (or 3%) are restricted markets (light pink), 10 countries (or 4%) define Bitcoin as illegal (dark pink), and 130 countries (or 53%) have not treated digital currency information more (gray).
This shows that countries (53%, more than half) that are the main players in the world are still waiting to see the legality of digital currency, led by Bitcoin, and it also represents that the "black swan risk" of Bitcoin is still great, because some of them may eventually make legislative decisions to restrict digital currency.
The article holds that the global regulators have not fully understood the emerging category of digital currency, which may be the main reason why most countries have not made a statement.
Although the popularity of Bitcoin has increased exponentially since last year, it does not mean that all countries are interested. Some countries may be worried that the local legal tender will be threatened or that digital currency will be used by criminal organizations.
Wall Street News has written a detailed summary of the international regulatory news on Bitcoin since last week, including China's crackdown on centralized online service platforms and mobile apps of OTC exchanges, South Korea's still considering closing the digital currency Stock Exchange, and the European Union's belief that Bitcoin has not been widely accepted and warning investors of the risk of "losing all their money".
Highlights of Reading |2018: Global Mothers Open the First Year of digital currency? It has been mentioned that 2018 will be the first year of digital currency for global central banks from any angle of supervision, acceptance/criticism and adoption.
Russian and other big countries criticized the legal status of Bitcoin, in fact, in order to make way for the official issuance of digital currency.
Xinhua News Agency, Madrid, January 8 (Reporter Xie Yuzhi) Barcelona's new aid Coutinho made his debut in the Nou Camp on the 8th.
Coutinho passed Barcelona's medical examination that morning and signed a contract with Barcelona President Bartomeu which will expire in the summer of 2023.
Later, as a Barcelona player, he appeared in front of nearly 7,000 fans in Camp Nou.
According to Spanish media, Coutinho's total transfer fee may reach 160 million euros (1 euro is about 7.77 yuan), which is the first price in the history of Barcelona Club and La Liga.
As Coutinho is still injured, he still needs to rest for nearly 20 days before he can make his debut in a Barcelona jersey.
What else is sacred?
Now Trump's White House is targeting the Statue of Liberty.
The most certain sign of regime change was when they started attacking the statue.
Americans agree with this as much as anyone else. Therefore, Saddam Hussein of Paradise Square in Baghdad in 2003? Hussein was carefully pushed down.
Stephen? As one of the key think tanks of the Trump administration, Stephen Miller is working with Jim of CNN. When acosta had a heated debate about the President's proposal to strictly restrict legal immigration, he must have known what would happen if he struck a symbolic axe at the Statue of Liberty.
To be fair, Miller did not attack the statue itself.
If he does, a group of cruise ship owners and liberal followers will certainly eat him alive.
But he did attack the significance of the statue, especially in 1903, Emma? The significance of Lazarus' famous poem when it was carved on the pedestal (this monument was built only 17 years later).
As Miller rebuked acosta, he said, "I don't want to talk about all the historical facts here, but the Statue of Liberty is a symbol of American freedom to light up the world.
The poem you are referring to, which was added later, is not part of the original Statue of Liberty. "
In fact, Miller is right, but as he himself said, this is not really about history.
This involves the modern echo of Lazarus' shocking words. The only country seems to invite not only any old immigrants, but also the poorest of the poor: "Your fatigue, your poverty, or your crowded people are eager to breathe freely,/The suffering people refuse your crowded beach."
There is no moment when "the suffering people refuse" becomes more dazzling on our screen.
Miller has never been engaged in literary criticism. He made it clear that these people would not be welcome in Trump-era America.
This conflict about the meaning of statues is part of a broader political and cultural war: it is actually in conflict with the American spirit.
Lazarus, as well as her friends who held activities to engrave her poems on the pedestal after her death, are well aware that the behavior they are participating in is highly political.
The purpose of this sculpture is to express the connection between French and American republicanism through the ancient classic metaphor of the female incarnation as the Statue of Liberty.
Lazarus changed this meaning: in her poems, the female image is no longer abstract, and she wants to speak.
She gave herself a very different name: the mother of exile.
The combination of this poem and this painting is a successful feminist coup and a devastating blow to American nativism.
Just as Lazarus changed the meaning of the statue, the right-wingers always wanted to change it back to its original meaning.
The great speaker Rush? Rush Limbaugh, a baptist when Trump came, thought in 2010 that liberalism is not inviting anyone, but he is now an early neoconservative, bringing the wisdom flame of the United States to the ignorant world: "The Statue of Liberty is brave.
She meant to bring the torch of freedom from America to other parts of the world.
Torch is not the way to light up America. "
Unusually, Lin Bo was actually moved by something.
The meaning of the statue depends entirely on the cognitive angle.
Lazarus' imaginative approach is to be able to see it. When tired, poor but hopeful people can see it on the deck of the ship after a long and often terrible journey.
On the surface, this involves the perspective of people who seek asylum and have the opportunity to improve their lives.
Her statue conveys to them the hope and welcome that they need to hear.
Of course, this is not what Miller and Trump wanted to admit.
Their torch is not to light the road, but to ignite hatred, their only source of strength.
In 2006, Sa Dingding joined Universal Records with his unique musical style, becoming the first China person to sign a contract with Universal UK headquarters.
2017 World Championships: Neil? Neil Black's altimeter praised the Scottish players in the British national team.
Elliot? Eilidh Doyle recalled that there were only two Scots in the British national team.
Neil, executive director of the British Athletics Association? Blake said that the team of 16 strong Scots in the World Championships team will make a great contribution to the national team.
The number of Scottish field athletes selected to participate in the 2017 London Athletics World Championships, which opened on Friday, is the highest in history.
Blake believes that "Scotland is making extraordinary progress" and British track and field athletes must learn from it.
"We accept this and try to understand it, and we will stick to it until we succeed," Black said.
"I'm talking to someone from the Scottish Institute of Physical Education. They think it has something to do with their actions.
Scottish track and field athletes believe that this is related to their actions.
The British Athletics Association believes that this has something to do with their actions.
Even street people think so.
No matter what the situation is, it is extremely brilliant. “
Many Scottish track and field athletes are medal contenders, including Laura? Laura Muir and Andrew? Butchart, they will meet Mu at 5,000m. Mo Farah (Mofarah) compares the high and low, while Alid? Eilidh Doyle was elected as the team leader.
"Elliott is a little modest.
Her captain's speech was unbelievable, "Black said.
"Many track and field athletes, whether they are Scots or not, or no matter where they live or train, walk out of the door with pride and enthusiasm.
Elliot's natural passion and true feelings are very good. "
The Commonwealth silver medalist, who will compete in the 400-meter hurdles in his fifth World Championships, said that it was "incredible" that there were 16 Scots in the British national team.
Previously, the maximum number of Scottish track and field athletes participating in the World Series was seven, that is, the number of participants obtained in 1983 and 2015.
Muir, a middle-distance runner, is the leader. She set five British records and two European records in the past year.
She will compete in the 1500m and 5000m events.
Chris who participated in the 1500-meter event? O'Hare is another noteworthy Scottish player. Before that, she achieved good results in the season, winning the national match in Britain and the Olympic anniversary respectively.
Doyle recalled her participation in the first world championship, when the only other Scot on the team was Li? Lee McConnell.
The captain said that she was deeply proud that so many of her compatriots not only joined the team, but in some cases, they would also challenge for medals and compete for the finals.
"The special thing about being captain of the national team is that it was voted by other members of the national team. Therefore, it is a great honor for me to know that your teammates voted for you to strive for extremely unusual achievements, no matter what, "she added."
"Of course, I am very proud of all the Scottish players.
It just shows how far we have come.
And they are all veteran track and field athletes here, track and field athletes who are about to make it to the podium.
How about my captain's speech?
Well, I think it's great.
I just referred to the fact that in this case, we are very lucky because we hold the World Championships at home.
Therefore, it's really important that we grow with home support and return to the Olympic Stadium.
I will get a second chance to participate in the competition, and the atmosphere there will be wonderful. "
In 2016, Huawei had a total of 180,000 employees, and the employee expenses reached 121.8 billion, a year-on-year increase of 21%.
Block critics on Facebook: If you can't stand the censure of voters, don't run for public office.
Our founding father knows the style of bad media.
Americans love Washington, but before long, major newspapers began to lash out at him for everything, from domestic policies to political principles.
He was annoyed by these criticisms, no doubt.
But he did not silence these critics.
Because as early as 1783, Washington said, "If freedom of speech is deprived-we will be slaughtered like lambs in silence and ignorance."
This reminds me of the governor of Maryland, Larry Hogan, who needs to learn from Washington.
Hogan's staff blocked and deleted the posts of at least 450 people because they expressed their opinions on his official Facebook page.
The American Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit against him earlier this week.
The governor's staff thought the lawsuit was sloppy, and online reports were full of their strong resistance: "Who cares?"
Many people say, "It's just Facebook."
However, this is very important.
This is especially important because we are dealing with people like Hogan.
This is a Republican who is the governor of a democratic majority state, and he is surprisingly popular.
Among the 50 governors in China, he received the second favorable comment.
Hogan is not a reactionary impatience.
He runs Maryland smoothly and strictly abides by the rules.
He is also very good at using Facebook as the main way to connect with voters, and jokingly showed his baldness after chemotherapy for the first time on his homepage.
Therefore, it is completely unnecessary and ultimately dangerous to block people who come to the governor's homepage to comment. This homepage is a public forum, and it is an official management platform advertised by employees who are supported by the public.
In an interview with the Washington Post, Hogan's spokeswoman Amelia Shas defended the governor's behavior, saying that she thought blocking their comments was just to make them restrain themselves.
But they describe it too hastily as a scourge or cynic sweeping the internet.
The Washington Post talked face to face with people who were blocked by Hogan.
They are just ordinary people talking to their elected leaders: they are teachers, small business owners and priests, not a scourge.
They all said that their comments were profound, respectful and not obscene.
The priest quoted the Bible in his post and called on Hogan to remember his Catholic faith.
Lakshmi sarma Lamani, a barrister in Bowie, Maryland, was not cynical, but she asked about hate crimes.
She wrote in the news story commentary section of the Washington Post, "I politely commented that I was disappointed that he did not reply to hate crimes and other recent news events.
I also don't like a group of people commenting on the same topic, because these people will be directly ignored by some people, thinking that they are the so-called herd mentality, rather than treating them as a group of citizens who are worried about the country and the people. "
What the governor's staff called "intensive spam bombing" may be "insistence" for others.
The Facebook era makes it easy to modify a message, just by blocking a critic or deleting a negative comment.
Moreover, it is far cleaner than in the past. In that era, to achieve the same effect, it was necessary to send staff out to collect and burn newspapers with critical comments or arrest or silence protesters.
But that's what's really happening now, but at the digital level.
Hogan is not the first public official to be accused of silencing others on Facebook and other social media.
President Trump is being sued by Twitter users because he blocked them on Twitter.
Last week, a landmark ruling appeared in Virginia, which was about such issues.
According to James C. Katsaris, a district judge in Alexandria, USA, the chairman of Louden County Supervisory Committee violated the First Amendment by blocking voters from her Facebook page.
Kentucky Governor Matt Bevan (R) was also visited by the American Civil Liberties Union for his use of Facebook and Twitter.
It shouldn't be so difficult.
In the Washington era, affordable postage had a similar influence as the Internet.
The number of newspapers quadrupled between 1776 and 1800, and some people wrote anonymous letters to severely criticize his leadership.
And even then, Washington had an anonymous scourge against him.
People used pseudonyms such as Yuri Kela, Valerius, Belisarius and Borgius to write letters to the newspaper to severely criticize Washington's decision.
According to the historical documents collected by George Washington's newspaper online project, his office was flooded with petitions criticizing his attitude on the Treaty of Friendship, Commerce and Navigation between His Majesty the King of England and the United States of America signed with Britain.
But he didn't silence them.
Freedom of speech, dissent and speech are the foundations of this country.
And real leaders need to accept this.
The slightest sign of trouble in the property market affects people's sensitive nerves.
Restricted purchase is a hard lever of real estate regulation and control policies in many cities.
In May 2017, Jinan issued regulations that undergraduates can enjoy the same purchase policy for local permanent residents by paying social security for half a year.
In June, Wuhan issued a policy stipulating that college students can settle down with graduation certificates and employment certificates within three years after graduation.
Subsequently, the policy was overweight, and the official said that "college students can buy a house at a price lower than 20% of the market price";
In July, Chengdu issued regulations that young talents with bachelor's degree or above from foreign universities can apply to settle in Chengdu with their diplomas.
In addition, Kunshan, Shanghai Lingang and other cities or regions have also introduced policies related to "talent introduction" to lower the threshold for talents to purchase houses.
Zhang Hongwei believes that this is actually a competition among major cities for population, especially talents. Only by retaining population, especially talents, can cities be competitive, which is the most important significance of these real estate policies.
Some people even think that this means that the time has come to cancel the "restricted purchase" of the property market.
Director Tung shing Yee said on the same day that the shooting plan has a long history. The first adaptation of the script was in 1999, and Takeshi Kaneshiro was even prepared to play Yan Shisan.
Ronan Laferty is looking forward to enjoying the feeling of coming home at the Renaissance Club.
East lothian Renaissance Club will host the 25th Scottish Evergreen Open, and former European champion Ronan Laferty will enjoy the feeling of coming home in the next three days.
The Northern Irishman led Archerfield Lincks next door to the final last year, but lost to Paul eells. He is now working for the new venue, representing Jerry Salvati, founder and CEO of the club, as the ambassador of the event.
Laferty said: "I have witnessed the establishment of the Renaissance Club, and we will witness its glory through this competition.
Athletes will see the best appearance and state of this stadium.
Jerry built this place like no other.
He is a keen supporter of this competition and is very proud of his achievements here.
This is the best stage to show this stadium. "
Eells, an Englishman, is looking forward to defending his title for the first time, although he has won both the European Tour and the European Challenge Tour in his 32-year career.
The Southport athlete said: "This is really special.
I didn't defend the Estremadura Open because the game was cancelled the year after I won.
It's amazing to come to this place.
It is wonderful to play golf here.
Memories of last year come to mind one by one. For me and my wife Sharon, last year's victory is of special significance to us.
It was really a special memory that we will always remember. "
Back in his native land, Gary Orr turned 50 earlier this year, and then participated in the European Evergreen Tour.
This is his first time to participate in a Scottish competition since the Scottish Open in 2013.
Orr, a native of Helensburg, said: "There is always more significance in going home to compete.
You want to do well; But I can feel the extra pressure.
I really enjoy playing again. I've been playing golf.
I am very satisfied with the present situation. "
Joining the trio were former Masters winner Ian Woosnam and evergreen champion Paul Brodeur Hurst, Roger Chapman, Mark James and Mark? McNulty.
There are six Scottish athletes on the field. Orr and former Ryder Cup captain Sam Torrance are two of them, and the other four are Andrew Odkern, Stephen mcallister, Bill Langmuir and Ross Drummond.
Admission is free, and the parking fee is 5 pounds per car with one passenger and 10 pounds per car with two or more passengers.
All the fees collected are donated to Prostate Cancer UK, a prostate cancer charity.
Zou Shoumin, director of the Environmental Supervision Bureau of the Ministry of Environmental Protection of China, introduced in Beijing on the 22nd that in August, there were 57 cases of continuous daily punishment nationwide, and the newly revised Environmental Protection Law implemented at the beginning of this year significantly increased the environmental law enforcement in China.
At present, environmental protection authorities in various parts of China can use daily continuous punishment, seizure, production restriction and transfer to administrative detention to investigate and deal with environmental violations, and cooperate with judicial organs to punish environmental crimes.
Zou Shoumin introduced that in August, a total of 335 cases of seizure and detention were implemented in various parts of China; A total of 177 cases were implemented to limit production and stop production; A total of 189 cases of administrative detention and 166 cases of suspected environmental pollution crimes were transferred.
Among them, Henan has imposed 7 consecutive penalties on a daily basis. At present, China is working hard to control environmental pollution from the end to the whole process.
Although the downward pressure on the economy appears, the Ministry of Environmental Protection of China has made it clear that China should correctly handle the positioning of environmental protection in economic development and strengthen its "green strength". The more the economic growth rate goes down, the less it can relax environmental protection and give full play to the role of environmental protection in optimizing the economy.
There is no highest, only higher, and the share price of Kweichow Moutai can't stop on the road to a new high.
On January 9th, the share price of Kweichow Moutai, the A-share king, once again hit a record high, closing at 782.52 yuan, with a total market value of 983 billion yuan, just one step away from the trillion market value.
The guiding price of 1499 yuan is higher than the previous retail price of 1299 yuan by 200 yuan.
On December 28, 2017, Kweichow Moutai announced that it had decided to raise the price of Moutai products appropriately from 2018, with an average increase of about 18%.
This price increase has stimulated the stock price of Kweichow Moutai to soar. According to statistics from Beijing Morning Post, the stock price of Kweichow Moutai has risen by 95 yuan, with an increase of more than 14% in the eight trading days since the price increase was announced.
Statistics show that the GDP of Guizhou Province in the first three quarters of 2017 was 950 billion yuan, and the market value of Maotai left Guizhou's GDP in the first three quarters of last year far behind.
Driven by Maotai, liquor listed companies have started to raise prices and control goods, and enjoy the dividends brought by consumption upgrading.
Since 2017, the share prices of most liquor listed companies have continued to rise, among which the share prices of Shuijingfang, Wuliangye, Shanxi Fenjiu and Kweichow Moutai have more than doubled.
After entering Microsoft's real-time dialogue translation mode, the screen is divided into two equal parts, and the two users of the dialogue can choose their own language.
On the morning of December 21st, Kvitova completed the operation, and the doctor repaired all the tendons and two nerves of her five fingers.
Foreign high-level talents with China green card can enjoy "national treatment" when they set up scientific and technological enterprises.
Among the "Twenty" measures, the first one is to "support foreign high-level talents with permanent residence identity cards to set up scientific and technological enterprises".
Statistics from the National Bureau of Statistics show that China's GDP increased by 6.9% year-on-year in the first three quarters of 2017, 0.2 percentage points faster than the same period of last year. Among them, in the first quarter, the second quarter and the third quarter, it increased by 6.9%, 6.9% and 6.8% respectively, and operated in the range of 6.7-6.9% for nine consecutive quarters, maintaining medium-high growth.
On December 20th, Beijing time, Zarenka announced through social media that she had successfully given birth to a son and was promoted to be a mother.
Russian media said that Putin will have a new domestic car: the unit price is 15% cheaper than Mercedes-Benz.
Reference News Network reported on January 18th that Russian media said that Russian Minister of Industry and Trade Manturov said that the car unit price of President Putin's "motorcade" started from 6-7 million rubles.
The budget goal is to control the price 15% lower than that of Mercedes-Benz S-Class cars.
According to the report of Russian Lianta.com on January 16th, from the end of February to the beginning of March, the main research and development unit of the President's car, the Russian National Automotive Engineering Research Institute (NAMI), will deliver 16 cars to the Federal Guard.
According to the report, the "motorcade" project requires the use of a unified modular platform to manufacture three kinds of cars for the country's top figures-extended cars, sedan cars and minibuses. The budget allocation for this project is 12.4 billion rubles.
According to the report, the news of making the first domestic extended car for the president since the Soviet Union appeared about five years ago. According to the plan of the R&D unit, the new car will be equipped with an 800-horsepower engine and armor, and the weight of the whole car will be 6 tons.
It is reported that the engineering team of Porsche Germany participated in the research and development of power plant.
According to the TASS news agency reported on January 16th, Manturov told reporters that the "motorcade" series of cars will be retailed from 2019, and all kinds of models can be bought.
The minister said: "From next year, all interested people can order, whether bulletproof or luxury, without any sales restrictions."
The Russian Ministry of Industry and Trade plans to increase the annual output of "motorcade" series cars to more than 1,000 vehicles after 2020.
Manturov said: "We are now producing 18 vehicles at full capacity. This year's output is more than 70 vehicles, reaching 200 vehicles next year and 300 vehicles or more the year after next."
(Compile/He Yingjun)
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Today is Friday, December 1 ST, October 14 th of the lunar calendar. Welcome to the news broadcast program.
First of all, let me introduce the main contents of today's program.
Xi Jinping attended the opening ceremony of the high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China (CPC) and the world political parties and delivered a keynote speech. Wang Huning attended the first plenary session of the dialogue.
Xi Jinping met separately.
Aung San Suu Kyi, Senior Minister of Myanmar, and Hun Sen, Chairman of Cambodian People's Party and Prime Minister of the Government, attended the high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China (CPC) and the world political parties.
Li Keqiang meets Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Li Keqiang arrived in Sochi to attend the 16th meeting of the Prime Ministers of SCO member states.
The 12th National Congress of China Association for Promoting Democracy opened in Beijing, and Wang Yang delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.
Leaders of multinational political parties visited the five-year large-scale achievement exhibition in Beijing, affirming the great changes in China and sharing China's development experience.
Difficult to advance, the two sides of the peace talks opened a close-range synchronous meeting.
Ladies and gentlemen, today's news broadcast program takes about 35 minutes.
Please watch the details next.
General Secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and Chinese President Xi Jinping attended the opening ceremony of the high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China (CPC) and the world's political parties in the Great Hall of the People on December 1 and delivered a speech.
Keynote speech entitled "Building a Better World Together"
Xi Jinping emphasized that political parties should conform to the development trend of the times and grasp the general trend of human progress
We are willing to work with all parties to promote the sincere desire to build Community of Shared Future for Mankind.
Political parties play an important role in the political life of the country and are also an important force to promote the progress of human civilization.
At the end of the year, leaders of nearly 300 political parties and organizations from all over the world gathered in Beijing to discuss cooperation plans.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the connection of human life today is unprecedented, and at the same time, the global problems facing mankind are unprecedented.
The future and destiny of people all over the world are more and more closely linked.
People all over the world should uphold the concept of "one country under one roof", understand each other and seek common ground while reserving differences.
Work together to build Community of Shared Future for Mankind.
I put forward the Belt and Road Initiative, which is to implement the Community of Shared Future for Mankind concept.
Xi Jinping emphasized that we should strive to build a world free from fear and universal security, and adhere to the new security concept of common, comprehensive, cooperative and sustainable.
We should strive to build a world far from being closed, open and inclusive, and adhere to the concept that the world is rich and colorful and civilizations are diverse.
Let all civilizations coexist harmoniously.
We should strive to build a beautiful, clean and beautiful world, adhere to the concept of coexistence between man and nature, and jointly create a harmonious and livable.
Human homeland
Establish a new type of political party relationship that seeks common ground while reserving differences, respects each other and learns from each other.
Build a multi-form and multi-level international political party exchange and cooperation network, and gather together to build a powerful force in Community of Shared Future for Mankind.
We should do our own thing well, which in itself is our contribution to the construction of Community of Shared Future for Mankind.
We should also create more opportunities for the world by promoting the development of China.
We will not import foreign models or export China models, and we will not ask other countries to copy China's practices.
first
The Communist Party of China (CPC) will, as always, contribute to world peace and tranquility.
China will hold high the banner of peace, development, cooperation and win-win, unswervingly follow the path of peaceful development and actively promote the building of global partnership.
Actively participate in the political settlement process of international hot and difficult issues.
No matter how developed China is, it will never seek hegemony or expand.
By the middle of this century, China will be a prosperous, strong, democratic, civilized, harmonious and beautiful socialist modernization power.
This will benefit the people of China and the people of all countries in the world.
We advocate that political parties from all over the world join us to create more opportunities for cooperation in the world and strive to promote common development and prosperity of all countries in the world.
The Communist Party of China (CPC) has always emphasized establishing a world vision, actively learning from the achievements of civilization created by people all over the world, and applying them in combination with the reality of China.
Carry out dialogue, exchanges and cooperation, and support people of all countries to strengthen people-to-people exchanges and friendship.
Institutionalize the high-level dialogue meeting between the Communist Party of China (CPC) and the world's political parties to make it widely representative and internationally influential.
High-end political dialogue platform
Confucius, an ancient thinker in China
have said
There are three friends who benefit, friends who are straight, friends who forgive, and friends who hear more.
The Communist Party of China (CPC) is willing to make friends all over the world.
For a long time, the Communist Party of China (CPC) has maintained regular contact with more than 400 political parties and organizations in more than 160 countries and regions in the world.
Share the experience of managing the party and the country
Enhance each other's strategic
The theme of the high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China (CPC) and the world's political parties is the responsibility of building Community of Shared Future for Mankind and jointly building a better world. Leaders of nearly 300 political parties and political organizations from more than 120 countries and more than 600 Chinese and foreign representatives attended the meeting.
Senior Minister Aung San Suu Kyi of Myanmar, Zheleznyak, Deputy Secretary of the Presidium of the General Committee of the United Russia Party, and Anthony Parker, Treasurer of the National Committee of the Republican Party of the United States.
Demek, Vice Chairman of Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front and Deputy Prime Minister of the Government, delivered speeches at the plenary session respectively, and spoke highly of Xi Jinping's proposal to build Community of Shared Future for Mankind.
Mutual understanding, mutual support and coordination.
Positive progress has been made in pragmatic cooperation in various fields, and bilateral relations have maintained a good momentum of healthy and stable development.
Xi Jinping pointed out that the China Party and government will, as always, pursue the policy of friendship with Myanmar, from a strategic and long-term perspective.
Look at the relationship between the two countries
We are willing to work with Myanmar to firmly grasp the correct direction of the development of China-Myanmar relations and implement the consensus reached by both sides.
Actively explore new cooperation growth points such as the construction of China-Myanmar economic corridor, and promote the sound and rapid development of China-Myanmar relations.
Xi Jinping said that the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China held in October this year is of great strategic significance to China.
The congress summarized the work since the 18th CPC National Congress.
And regard that construction of Community of Shared Future for Mankind as the direction of China's diplomatic efforts in the new era.
Myanmar-China relations are of special significance to Myanmar, and we have a long history of folk friendship.
There has also been close cooperation of mutual trust and respect in recent years. Thanks to General Secretary Xi Jinping's great attention to Myanmar-China relations, we have fully felt the sincere friendship of the China Party and government.
Xi Jinping said that Prime Minister Hun Sen is a good friend, an old friend and a true friend of the China Party and people.
At present, China-Cambodia relations are at their best in history.
Political mutual trust between the two sides has been continuously enhanced, pragmatic cooperation has been continuously expanded, and humanities exchanges have become increasingly close, bringing tangible benefits to the two peoples.
Next year marks the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between China and Cambodia. I hope that both sides will take the opportunity of celebrating the 60th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries to promote the in-depth development, stability and long-term development of bilateral relations.
Cambodia has always given China firm support.
China has always supported Cambodia's development path in line with its national conditions and the Cambodian government.
China is willing to work with Cambodia to actively expand strategic cooperation between the two countries and give play to the political leading role of the exchanges between the two parties in bilateral relations.
Expand the breadth and depth of pragmatic cooperation, strengthen cooperation in the fields of defense and law enforcement security, promote humanities exchanges, and strengthen the cooperation between the two sides in the United Nations.
Coordination and cooperation in multilateral mechanisms such as East Asian cooperation and Lancang-Mekong cooperation will work together to build an unbreakable community of destiny between China and Cambodia.
Made a major political judgment that Socialism with Chinese characteristics entered a new era, pointed out the new changes in the main social contradictions, and made it clear that
Hun Sen warmly congratulated Xi Jinping on winning the support of the whole party and the people of the whole country and being re-elected as General Secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee.
He spoke highly of the high-level dialogue between the Communist Party of China (CPC) and the world political parties held by China.
He said that China is a close partner with high trust and full trust from Cambodia, and Cambodia is satisfied with Cambodia-China relations.
Constantly improve their ruling ability and level.
Ding Xuexiang and Yang Jiechi attended the meeting.
Li Keqiang, Premier of the State Council of the People's Republic of China met with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow Kremlin on November 29th, local time.
Li Keqiang first conveyed President Xi Jinping's sincere greetings and best wishes to President Putin.
Li Keqiang said that shortly after the closing of The 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, President Xi Jinping and President Putin met successfully in Da Nang.
Li Keqiang pointed out that at present, the economic cooperation between the two countries is taking solid steps, cooperation in traditional fields has been continuously promoted, and cooperation in new fields has also made progress.
China is willing to strengthen the connection between the Belt and Road Initiative and the Eurasian Economic Union.
Li Keqiang emphasized that China is willing to strengthen communication and coordination with Russia in international affairs.
Close cooperation within multilateral frameworks such as the Shanghai Cooperation Organization will jointly help regional cooperation to make steady progress.
Inject constructive forces into the peaceful development of the world.
Putin welcomed Li Keqiang to attend the meeting of prime ministers of SCO member states.
He said
At present, Russian-Chinese trade is growing well, and cooperation in energy, transportation infrastructure, agriculture and local areas is actively promoted.
The Eurasian Economic Union and the Belt and Road Initiative are complementary.
It is hoped that the two sides will dock their development strategies and better achieve mutual benefit and win-win results.
The two sides also exchanged views on international and regional issues of common concern.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Sochi International Airport in Russia. At the invitation of Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Li Keqiang, Premier of the State Council of the People's Republic of China arrived here at noon local time on the 30th.
Attending the 16th meeting of the Prime Ministers of SCO member states, senior Russian government officials and China's Ambassador to Russia AARON Li met them at the airport.
Li Keqiang said that since the establishment of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization 16 years ago,
It has become an important platform for maintaining regional security and stability and promoting common development and prosperity.
I look forward to gathering with all parties in Sochi, the Pearl of the Black Sea, to jointly sort out the achievements and tap the potential after the first expansion of the SCO.
At a new starting point
On the afternoon of November 30th, local time, Li Keqiang, Premier of the State Council of the People's Republic of China met with Tajik Prime Minister Rasulzoda, Pakistani Prime Minister Abasi and Uzbek Prime Minister Aripov at the hotel where he stayed in Sochi.
Rasul Zoda said that China is welcome to continue to participate in important projects such as tower power development, natural gas pipelines and transportation facilities.
Tajikistan is willing to provide preferential policy support for China enterprises.
When meeting with Abasi, Li Keqiang said that China is willing to uphold a high degree of political sincerity and discuss the construction of a free trade zone with Pakistan.
Promote the balanced development of bilateral trade and strengthen cooperation between enterprises of the two countries.
Thank you for the security provided by Pakistan to Pakistani enterprises and citizens in Pakistan.
China is willing to continue security and defense cooperation with Pakistan and contribute to regional peace and stability.
Li Keqiang pointed out that China welcomes Pakistan to participate in the Prime Ministers' Meeting as a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization for the first time and is willing to continue to work closely with Pakistan in multilateral institutions such as the SCO.
Communication and coordination in regional affairs.
Abasi said that the construction of the Pakistan-China Economic Corridor is progressing smoothly.
Pakistan will continue to fully promote corridor construction.
When meeting with Aripov, Li Keqiang said that President Xi Jinping had a meeting with President Mirziyoev who visited China in May this year.
Uzbekistan is willing to make joint efforts with China to strengthen cooperation in transportation facilities, hydropower and other fields and promote the all-round development of bilateral relations and cooperation.
Uzbekistan is willing to strengthen cooperation between the two countries within the framework of the SCO.
The decision of the provisional regulations shall come into force as of the date of promulgation.
According to the deployment of the State Council of the CPC Central Committee, the pilot of changing business tax into value-added tax was launched in 2012, and it was fully launched on May 1st, 2016.
After comprehensively pushing forward the pilot reform of the camp,
Value-added tax has been uniformly levied in the service industry where business tax was originally implemented, and the business tax that has been implemented for more than 60 years has been completely abolished in essence.
And delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China.
The congratulatory message pointed out that since the 18 th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, the cause of the party and the state has made historic achievements and undergone historic changes.
The United front and multi-party cooperation have made important contributions.
Over the past five years, the Democratic Progressive Party has been committed to helping the ruling party, doing its duty for the country and serving the people.
Extensive and in-depth research, active suggestions and suggestions.
Make new contributions to the implementation of the strategy of rejuvenating the country through science and education, strengthening the country through talents and innovation-driven development.
Accurately grasp the requirements of building Socialism with Chinese characteristics's participating parties, and earnestly perform the functions of participating in and discussing state affairs, democratic supervision, and participating in political consultation led by the Communist Party of China (CPC).
Promote self-construction to a new level
Zhang Baowen, Vice Chairman of the National People's Congress Standing Committee (NPCSC) and Chairman of the NLD Central Committee, delivered a congratulatory message on behalf of the central committees of democratic parties and the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce.
Yan Juanqi, executive chairman of the Presidium of the General Assembly, made a work report on behalf of the 13th Central Committee of the Democratic Progressive Party.
Liu Yandong, You Quan, Xiangba Pingcuo, Zhang Qingli
The Constitution of China Association for the Promotion of Democracy (Amendment) was reviewed and adopted, and the 14th Central Committee of China Association for the Promotion of Democracy was elected.
The People's Daily, which will be published tomorrow, will publish a summary of the strategy of making unremitting efforts towards the goal of building a network power, and General Secretary Xi Jinping leading and promoting the network power.
A five-year large-scale achievement exhibition with perseverance and forge ahead
We regard China as the future development direction of the world, especially Marxism–Leninism, which is not a dogma, but a philosophy and must adapt to the development of the country itself.
This is what the Communist Party of China (CPC) is doing.
The 16th National Congress of the Democratic Party of China Agriculture, Workers and Peasants closed in Beijing on December 1st. The agenda of the congress was successfully completed and passed by voting.
Resolutions of the 16th National Congress of the Democratic Party of Migrant Workers in China, the 16th National Congress of the Democratic Party of Migrant Workers in China and the report of the 15th Central Committee.
Strengthen self-construction in an all-round way and resolutely implement the work arrangements of the 16th National Congress of the Agricultural Workers' Party.
With a brand-new mental outlook and a high-spirited attitude of struggle
Write a brilliant chapter worthy of the new era
The amendments to the articles of association of Jiu San Society were reviewed and approved, and it was decided to submit them to the 11th National Congress of Jiu San Society for deliberation.
More than 10 thousand tourists have been assisted to return home safely
Up to now, Bali Airport is still temporarily open.
Due to the change of wind direction, the volcanic ash from Agung volcano began to spread southward.
Affect Bali airport and air route.
In order to ensure safety, the influence of airline crews to help stranded tourists return to China on volcanic ash.
As the Agung volcano continues to erupt, the local airport may be closed at any time, and airlines remind passengers to return to China as soon as possible.
The volcano erupted violently in 1963.
Has caused more than 1000 deaths
We can't predict whether this eruption will be larger than the one in 1963.
But according to our assessment, the possibility of a large-scale eruption is still high.
Since the evening of 29th, there have been 57 Chinese and foreign airline flights to help China tourists from Bali return home.
I finally came back, got off the plane, and felt good in my own country.
It is understood that among the foreign tourists stranded in Bali, China has the largest number of tourists, accounting for about a quarter.
At present, most tourists from China have returned to China.
Tonight, ten planes will go to help stranded tourists return home.
